. great app
bad update. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program.
. i want & need a 5 star but i cannot get any kind of help with my issue , which is i cannot get my invoices to go out via gmail. help!
so so. the app is not the greatest. i've worked with better.
total crap. this app doesn't work. it shows numbers which doesn't make sense, you can't rely on it. i just go to safari web and login to my quick books account. please change it if you can.
. after installing and recovering my account details this app offers me some trial? should be stated somewhere beforehand.
best app!. best app better then squared
problems with touch id. the touch id feature has a lot problems, doesn't work properly, please fix it
jan 2019 update is a fail. it no longer lets you log in with your fingerprint or face id.
awesome. love this app... i'm about to do a lot of work from my phone.
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wated almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
buggy app. doesn’t even open, tried many times opening it on my iphone x for weeks. it doesn’t even open the app and there hasn’t been an update to fix that for ages. unable to use it on my phone and having to use it on my laptop which i don’t always have it on hand. please fix this issue.
no access to payroll. the app seems to have a menu for everything except payroll. i find these types of oversights all over quickbooks online glaringly obvious features that are incomprehensibly missing and customer service has no answers. don't waste your time.
super app. very satisfy with demo. app looks and works super but expensive! :(
highest return on investment expense i declared as an llc. i honestly believe that quickbooks has help me get to where i am today! i am proactive and proud!
ab online. great program. really ups the efficiency.
error add item. ne fonctionne pas, toujours un message d'erreur quand je veux entrer un item ou une description. impossible de faire une facture avec mon mobile !
frank. this app is amazing. it is exactly what i needed to start my business. it makes it quick and easy to do your estimates, invoices, and keep track of all your accounting needs.
. works well and saves time, but still a few things that need to be done on the full browser version. would love to see integration with 3rd party mobile payment apps in the future.
can't attach images or accept signatures. really!!?? so many features i would have expected. track expenses, milage, accept signatures.
qb pro advisor loves it!. i'm a pro advisor and love this app! all my business management clients, including entertainers and producers love it as well!
a very useful application. i find it quite convenient to be able to enter expenses from my phone and include photographs receipts when i am on the go. i use quickbooks online and although the app is limited in some respects as far as functionality goes the limits that other reviewers have discussed has not affected my business at all. i like it a lot :)
cannot sign in with new update. i can’t sign in. keeps telling me my information is wrong even after resetting the password.
invoicing easy. easy for invoicing etc, but less intuitive for expenses and linking accounts etc. especially as it will or allow me to sync my main business account!!!
. very helpful software for small starters.
great app. this is a great app to have if you use quickbooks. glad to have it available to me!
. user friendly, good customer service.
no major complaints thus far. pretty convenient to do on the phone. i guess it's worth the subscription fee.
nightmare update. it was bad before the update. how could it be even worse now? unending refreshing bank data (constant spinning wheel) makes it virtually useless and beyond frustrating for reviewing and matching transactions on the iphone.
really loved it. sweet program. :)
intuitive and robust.. a welldesigned, robust application. with functionality that crisscrosses accounting and nonaccounting domains, this is definitely a winner and a keeper. as other reviewers have said, support is amazing. the app is always evolving and improving. 5 stars for easeofuse, robustness and flexibility.
not happy. when i first got the app i fell in love i had problems with the desktop version , with the bank option on the online version which you removed i was able to log in my transactions very quickly , i would appreciate it if you would please bring back the bank option in the menu asap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
. love this app
. very user friendly app.
. great app
powerful. very good, gives almost all of the functionality as the browser version except for splitting and journal entries. but for daily review and acceptance of linked electronic transactions, this is great! also has a good p&l and balance sheet report.
. great app. would like to see a banking tab like online.
i like it. does everything i need mobile. clients, invoices and information...all that i need on the go.
tax preparation. i love quickbooks. qb has everything i need for my accountant at the end of the year. makes taxes soooooooo much easier 💗
"don't bother. it says above ""get full access to everything quickbooks online has on the web"". but in fact it is a totally different application geared to salesmen on the road. don't expect to see your accounts here, all you have is:  customers  estimates  your invoices and sales receipts. very disappointing; forget it"
junk.. not great. doesn't support photos. i guess thats to be expected from intuit. always a little behind the game. don't bother with support either they are worse. i have had my ipad cleared twice by their support. inventory and all. wonder why the go payments cant work like an invoicing system. talk about the blind leading the blind!
nicely integrated. this app integrates really well with quickbooks online account. features get added regularly.
works great!. it's simple to use, great for small business owners. really helps you stay on top of your business.
pretty good. the app allows you to record expenses on the go as they happen. nice to be able to balance the books as you go along instead of waiting until you are back at your computer. :)
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program. new version has new colours!! yay so practical!! doesn’t accommodate qc payroll deductions like cssnt but that’s ok, it’s colourful. intuit idiots.
easy. great app just what i need as a digital nomad.
wow!. really cool app! it's linked on all my device! i can make invoices on my phone and send it to my clients directly from email! cool stuff!
. the perfect accounting software for people on the go.
quickbooks is very refined. the app works great and is easy to use
. error code 132.100 quickbooks doesnt even have a fix for it. customer service has no clue as to what they are doing. i like paying for software that i can't use
i love qb.. that is a great app for me.
great app. so helpful. i love the signature on smartphone for delivery confirmation. wish i could process bank statements and send customer statements on the go though.
simple things just don’t work in this app.. now i can’t copy my password from my password safe into the quickbooks login. this means i will have to use a simple easy to use and less secure password. also, there is no way to enter check numbers into the bank transactions. this works fine on a mac and online but not in the ipad app. these simple problems make the ipad app almost useless.
crash books pro. this terrific app asks you every few minutes to rate their program knowing that you want to tell the world how you can't send out an invoice without the app crashing. *update* i am having more issues with the app then ever. i can only assume quickbooks is either more useless then i thought. or they are retaliating for my review of their product. i have never had any program work this bad and i have worked it.
app doesn't connect on ios 9. ever since ios upgrade 9.3 and quickbooks mobile app doesn't sign in, always says check internet connection. it's a bug in the app and they know it, we contacted support to fix it and they said they are working on it and will have a solution by end of may. this problem has been on for more than 4 weeks with no solution. poor app with poor support. not recommended at all.
doesn't refresh data, data is inconsistent. doesn't refresh data, data is inconsistent
. user friendly. very helpful for invoices.
why isn't app as easy to use as actual online. the online version is so much easier to navigate. i don't like that the app and the online version have things in different places. it makes it much harder to locate things. i would rather have one streamlined version to use on all devices.
. great app. could do with some improvements which i'm sure will happen. my biggest problem is you can't update your banking transactions through the app, you have to use the website. if you click refresh, nothing ever happens. it's annoying to have to go to the website.
. very user friendly. qbo makes my task simple and easy.
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
". just signed up. you get a 24hr trial and then it asks you to spend $7.99mo with a 30% off discount (not sure if that is included, or what). so much for a ""free"" app."
. easier to send invoices via the app than it is on the computer. only flaw is i can't enter a negative number for discounts but that could just be my phone and not the app. overall i highly recommend it for anyone.
fee increase is a bad deal. fees increased but same services rendered. otherwise it’s a decent app. i’m disappointed that they get people to invest all there invoices and history in app and program then up the fees in them nearly double. can’t trust a company that does that to ya.
. i cant for the life of me grasp how i need to male an account before even seeing a demo or testing. not cool
it's ok but don't get the most basic package. it's a vast improvement on another app i tried but the most basic pack makes me want more, upgrading now if i can so recommend you start with a higher grade package rather than the cheapest.
really good, works seamlessly. great for book keeper and employees. very user friendly and a pleasure to use and recommend
great!. i've used quickbooks for years. very happy with the online. version, it allows me to take care of my invoicing anytime anywhere. my business is more profitable now because i can send an invoice when the job is complete and there's no forgetting to do it at the end of the day. if your business is mobile shouldn't your accounting be also?
great for tracking business and personal expenses. great app
. lacks customization features
. great app. very helpful.
qbo and this app two thumbs down.. how does such a large company make such a crappy product. basic logical steps can’t be completed. you go to summit a improvement and tons of people have listed the same things and nothing ever gets fixed. the app jumps back and forth between web view and app view. support is horrible. you can’t even move different parts of the invoice or estimate around in the app. switching to zoho
cool app. i would have given it 5 stars, but it just doesn't have the power that i'm used to with the real quickbooks, but it's ease of use and functionality is still great for a new app.
crashes when entering a sales receipt. i am new to quickbooks and am super frustrated i can’t enter a simple sales transaction. it crashes every time. disappointing
. simple and professional.
excellent app!. so convenient for on the go tasks. time entry would be a great addition.
great app!. super convenient to track all my business transactions on the go. recent updates have made it much easier and more features are accessible.
"amazing for my business. i wouldn't know where i would be running my own business without this app. it truly gives an ""on the go"" experience and aided with other tools i can work anywhere in the world. thanks quickbooks!!"
. just started using this app and so far i really like it.
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
can’t use properly  soooo slow. i can’t use qbo app properly, the application is so slow, unable to load my data on my mobile (wifi lte network)
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
from xero to quickbooks. i went from sage line 50 (blinkin' expensive but brilliant if your an accountant) to xero (very good for basic invoices but no estimate facilities on the app, no good for my job) to quickbooks online. easy to use. does what i need. reliable and relatively quick.
. será que me pueden ayudar, no puedo hacer ningún tipo de registro en el sistema. envié un correo y nadie me ha respondido
needs a delete feature.. so i downloaded this for my business and decided to do a sample invoice and payment to and from myself. however i cannot delete this. i tested to make sure i could use this effectively before switching to it. without the delete invoice or payment option i am out of luck.
. was wary, but the convenience is worth a lot until the latest update. now i cant sign on. been a week since they told me there was an issue. still not resolved. spent several hours on hold listing to garbled elevator music that can not be turned down. customer support blows.
"great app for distributors. we can invoice and deliver on the fly without having to go back to the office to capture the ""in the moment sales"". our accountant has access and was able to set our account up to match his categories for a fast and no worry tax prep."
different. this is so different than qbo that it renders itself useless. i cannot rely on it for any accurate information. the only feature that is good is the receipt capture.
very happy with qbo. first of all i'm saving a lot of time versus i tried so many apps. i even had qbo one time and canceled hoping i can win. not really quickbooks online is the only way to go. very straight forward.
love it!!!. i can use this app on the go!!!
mobile app. not happy. i am on the phone with support everyday. won't print on app or on chrome. they don't know what to do. this mobile is worthless to me. i don't have time for this!
. fantastic app
easy to use. really like the app because i can keep up with accounting on the go for my business.
. takes ages to load then crashes to a black screen. i have had the app for 3 months or so and only ever got it working for a few moments once. as it is so unreliable i could not trust it as an app to rely on, for example to use in front of a customer in their home, therefore i cannot recommend this app. i run a ltd company and we use qb as our accounting software.
. would give it 5* if i could see the summary view on the app (similar to the web version). i wish it could do everything that the desktop version could do, but i know that isn't always possible. *edit jan 2019* love the summary view, the app rocks
last version have a lot of issues. since i got the last update, the app crashes a lot and its very slow!!
always something hidden. is there possible to get something without paying, like an app that i originally paid over 200 ,now to have that app on mobile divece pay again,but on regular basis. why just make an app where i can sync all info at the office or home
. worst app ever
worth the price. i am a small business owner, i was having to write out estimates and bills but since i have this app....... life is way easier!!! now i have more time to do the work and less hassle with the paperwork.
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix! update: i still can’t upload a receipt unless i take a picture of it elsewhere & upload vs taking a picture of it on the app.
. incredibly buggy, takes forever to open and crashes on every action. cannot move from xero to quickbooks while the apps remains this bad.
. naughty. doesn't tell you untill you've down loaded and set up it's only a free trial. now looking through it i can't find anywhere to delete to make sure i'm not charged.
excellent accounting software. exactly meets my needs as an ecommerce professional. the reports are limited to pl and balance sheet, but that's is the heart of what you need. i've had it over 2 years now and love it.
decent.. the program is regularly requiring me to update my accounts and will not auto update and refresh my bank accounts. not as user friendly as i thought it would be.
. i use this app while i had my quickbooks trial, and it seemed to be working fine. the minute i subscribed, the app stopped working properly. i emailed support, no one seems to be answering my questions, and when i phone the customer service, they don't know how to help with the app. i'm stuck and ready to cancel the whole thing.
. doesn't work on my galaxy note 5
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
not functioning. does not function as expected. vendors do not show any activity...
. there's no option to cancel my subscription
great. it will make things easier, just wish i had a place to put in mileage
some good some bad. have had several issues. mostly the program is easy to learn, use and navigate. the issues i have had are not easily resolved. they take time to fix and information for fix are not easily navigated. i do feel that it is safe to use.
great app but needs improvement. there are various things you can’t do on app .example you can’t set recurring transaction, use batch actions for reminders. for indian users , they have not launched quickbooks payment. there is no customer portal ,there should be system for sending invoice and reminder link via sms overall it is good app and all does the basic stuff but should look forward to integrate above stuff as well
. u need to put the all app in full.
crashes when downloading. crashes when downloading after initial setup. have not been able to use app. disappointing.
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
take time to learn it. be patient
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
. simple and easy to use
very user easy. this app is great. very user friendly!
credit card payments. with this new update, i cannot select payed with credit card without being prompted to swipe a card. i use square for my credit card transactions, so i don't need to use qb. only cash and check can be selected now.
doesnt seem to work on lg g4. cant even log in to the app.raised it with quickbooks support over a month and we still cant seem to get it working
great app. i haven't subscribe fully but am definitely paying for this...
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
. i just use the app for invoices while still out on the road. works a treat.
unusable.. i'm required by my work to use this appwebsite, and it is completely unusable. after confirming my account via email and twice by text message i get an error message when i try to login. the website also does not function no matter what browser i use on my phone. what a joke.
. so far, it has been amazing at getting me out of a pinch when i don't have my computer handy. it was an amazing scope and i can do basically everything from my mobile. perfect. easy to get around and figure out. looking forward to exploring it more.
does not function. doesn't load new invoices. app is now useless.
seems to work decently. it crashes occasionally but so far i like being able to addmatch transactions while laying on the couch
great app but. i have been using the desktop 2012 version and have been used to navigating that. the online version would do well to have a more compatible and similar version for experienced users.
. entered in info 2 link bank business card. then i went & made a purchase with that same card & nothing showed up. giving apps a shot, even though i know in the back of my mind that anything can be hacked. i'm not trying this again will uninstall.
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
very helpful.... there are some glitches with a couple of the features but for the most part, it’s exactly what i need. a great help for record keeping and invoicing my customers efficiently. there should be an option to select and send multiple invoices at once. i have multiple invoices per customer each week.
needs milages tracking. how i can add car miles in this app. needs milages tracking very important.
. i am really thankful for this opportunity. this app vary great easily to use with simple and useful. thanks
fix this!. when using my new iphone x the app crashes every time i try selecting the “invoices” button?! also... constantly have to log in and log out to update my information?! why?! please fix these major issues!
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
awesome. i love how simple it is to create an invoice on the go. this app is definitely essential for any small business owner.
fantastic for when you’re on the move. this app has really helped me operate more efficiently from a mobile office. the ability to quickly and easily produce quotes and invoices from my ipad has been extremely useful. the app isn’t as fully featured as its desktop counterpart but it does enough to suit my needs, whilst i’m on the move. i’m running this app on a 10.5 ipad pro and it has been flawless.
needs lots of work. very hard to use app. many options are hidden or unavailable so you are stuck and wind up doing the work through a browser instead
great app. for my business is been really helpful app. i'm a painter contractor, check job all day, if i need to send estimates and invoices now i can do it on the road.
fabulous. such a pleasure to use for both myself & my clients. thanks qbo.
"love it but it could be better. i want to give it 5 stars but due to the fact that my customers can't view their quickbooks invoices and receive an message saying ""error we can't retrieve the requested invoice"". please fix this issue asap so my customers can pay me! thank you."
works perfect. i enjoy using qb it allows me to send invoices from where ever i'm at also i can except payments from the field. it's been awesome to run my small business for 2 years.
. uggghhh..... why oh why oh why do developers continue to stuff things up with updates! get it right or leave it alone. how do i roll back to last version that worked?
office. excellent app
jays. subscription
. can't get any email response from quickbooks. bad customer service. i want to download my account transactions but no reply from quickbooks.
. great app that allows you to run your business on the go!
great app. builds accounting teamwork and keeps management decisions up to date...
. really good for simple operations i only needed the app for a small subset of operations.... that is, quickly open,edit, and send an invoice. i am thankful for that capability. perhaps intuit could stress that the app is not intended to be full blast qbo.
owner. app is a great convenience
excellent!!!. this is easy to use and very convenient! most of the functionality on the app means it's easy to work while out of the office!
crashing at start up with ios 13. love this app but it crashes with ios 13 :( please fix
quickbooks online + app. quickbooks online is making my business accounts so easy. the bank connections feature allows you to sync online accounts straight into your account records. when new transactions are available, you can view and add them straight into your accounts, made easier by quicbooks match feature that marks transactions with previous similar transactions. support during setup period has been excellent which has made switching from another online accounting software quite an easy process. very impressive so far.
terrible. i have had nothing but issues. last financial year it worked fine now it attached to my bank account it’s shocking. press accept for payments and expenses do the full month, i then go to profit and loss and shows no where near what i put in. 4 hours of my life i won’t get back i give up and cancelling my subs
its ok. the app is ok my only issue is the invoicing it doesnt let you customize your invoice layout
. great app great aap for my business for all my on the go needs....lacks some features but worth it
a very useful application. i find it quite convenient to be able to enter expenses from my phone and include photographs receipts when i am on the go. i use quickbooks online and although the app is limited in some respects as far as functionality goes the limits that other reviewers have discussed has not affected my business at all. i like it a lot :)
. very useful for my business
great app for small business!. i love being able to enter my expenses and invoices from my phone. very convenient and makes tax time much easier!
be careful. i loved this app for 10 months. then an error occurred and i lost access to my business. only cost me $200 for one time fix. for $600 i could have purchased a 3 month fix. the risk exceeds the benefit.
great to send invoices and track them.
very limited in function. invoice list does not even list invoice #'s. how does junk like this pass qc?
iphone x is not fully supported. thank you for stretching the app the full height of the iphone x. however, features are behind the home slab and is not taking advantage of the processing power because it feels slow. not optimized.
barely useable. it's a great idea, but too many features of the online version are not accessible on the app. perhaps the qb folks are working on upgrades
must buy two services. i’m selfemployed and need to track miles as well as be able to send estimates. with “quickbooks selfemployed” you can track miles but you cannot send estimates. with “quickbooks online” you can send estimates but you cannot track mileage. to me, these things should be doable with the same serviceapp but here they are not. plus, customer service is not educated on their product or helpful.
overall pretty good as an app👍. it can take awhile to get used to using quickbooks – but it is pretty good once you get used to it. occasionally it can be a bit clunky and you don’t get all the functionality that you would expect. but overall using it as an app is very good
i love this app. easy to use, transfers well from computer to cell phone. absolutely love it.
annoyed again!!. i did the latest update and now i can’t even open this damm app! terrific ay! any suggestions qb’s!? can you get this sorted asap. a few updates prior to this lasted one, after that particular update all my company details except my abn disappeared, why? the app didn’t seem to save my details properly as i added them and it was like that until the following update. then everything was back to normal. pretty annoying!!
does not work with ios 13. beware!. crash on launch when using it on ios 13.
works smoothly. can't tell you how much time i've saved tagging receipts in this app. simple and useful.
great. makes invoices and estimates from phone look right professional. i use the desktop version as well and it would be great if the different versions spoke to each otherwise best solution by far
occasional early glitches with mobile overall v good. i use the mobile version and it's access to my phone contacts makes it really good. there have been a few minor glitches with support but this is getting better and better  so apart from the few minor glitches early on then it would be getting 5⭐️ latest update after 6 months  excellent 5 ⭐️
terrible app...... terrible app it does not work. since last update👿
crash. won't open since last fix. please fix again.
needs work ipad version. limited reports, restrictions on creating categories. simple things like always upper case in the state box, locks up when doing a quote  have to save often on ipad.
not industry standard software. this is a clunky, disappointing, entry level piece of work. qb has been available for many years and i cannot believe that, having been recommended to download by our accountant, it feel like it has barely reached beta testing level. a real pity that microsoft money is no longer supported. that’s how to put a piece of software together. i have littleno confidence in the product.
. horrible experience continues with indian counterpart. asked for refund twice they have sent transaction confirmations details till date money not credited even after mailing bank details and statements. customer care and refunds are two seperate teams with no interaction. had asked for refund in early dec 2018 now it is jan 2019. sales person and customer care representatives have smartly disappeared leaving customer hanging high and dry without refund and empty promises.
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
good. nice useful applications
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing i can't create and send my invoice please fix asap
touch id fail. please stop making us enter a password everyday. every other app that uses touch id doesn't have this issue. thumbs down qb 👎🏼
disappointed. do not download this app. i'm sorry i did. extremely flawed.
subscription renewal poorly thought out. i have been using qbonline for more than a year. it picked the worst time to time out and demand a subscription renewal. further it requires multiple logins and you must be st your desk top. nothing more frustrating than what amounts to a software crash when you are trying to get things done. huge fail quickbooks
. very easy to use. i was put onto this by my accountant and i am so glad she did . if i can do it, anyone can.
app ruined. this is getting old. the app seems to be unusable every time an update heads out way. my invoices are showing old data, are not updating to show payments and do not match what is correctly shown in the real online desktop service. please fix , and stop updating prior to testing
so easy. couldn't have been an easier to make the switch to online. so far, so good
basic app. app functions are extremely limited, and i can't use qb web on any browser on ios devices (ipadipad pro 12.9iphone 7plus) as all browsers including safari, chrome and dolphin run in zoomed mode when want to enter invoice, payments, receipts and bills or even check reports and make unusable.
great app!¡. im always on the go and this app is great when invoiceestimate has to be sent immediately or when there is no computer access¡¡ highly recommended for biz on the go!!
. this app does not work on my samsung galaxy note 8. after told to update, uninstalled and installed, nothing changed.
quickbooks online is a lifesaver!. we have a small family owned and operated business. i love the simple user interface that quickbooks online uses. it's very easy to get started with and it saves us so much time. the reports are clean and well put together and it gives me so much flexibility when categorizing expenses. it also integrates perfectly with our square card reader and gives us the option to attach receipts. all around perfect bookkeeping software for people on the move!
. dashboard unable to load after dozens of reinstalls, reboots and even on another phone entirely. ever since the new redesign the app has been riddled with intermittent loading of the dashboard to now nonexistent. tmobile, oneplus 6t tmobile, samsung galaxy note 10+
. app looks great.
constantly signs me out.. it’s infuriating. just leave me signed in!!!!!! even worse sometimes as soon as i sign in it says “please log out and log in again” this app is bs
app needs major work. the app is useless, i have to pull out my laptop or wait till i get to my home or office. i would love to use my ipad pro, that i carry everywhere but the app is literally useless!!! please fix asap
questionable developers and qa. don’t bother with this app. more time updating this weekly with version changes and bug fixes... jokers edit; 29th nov 2019  this continues  just look at the version history log on the app...
easy, convenient. make offsite transactions quick and easy.
. every invoice i have done since the beginning of 2017 says 90 plus days past due
great app but missing some key functions. i've used qb online for a year now and its a great service. the app allows me to invoice and record pymts immediately, however i cant seem to enter expenses. if i could do that it would get 5 stars.
great app. love the app. been using for years and have never had an issue
. generally a good piece of software... but, if you happen to get an unusual glitch don't expect much help. two of our invoices have been resent to a client 3040 times per day for the last four months. my customer is upset and my bookkeeper has wasted days of time on hold or explaining the exact same situation to countless tech support. come on @intuitbrad is this the best your team can do?
room for improvement. it’s a good app, with some good features, perfect for using on your phone. it would be nice, however, if the ipad version was more like the web version with more of the features available there. it’s frustrating having to switch between the two versions.
. love this app for it's ability to let me keep track of my job expenses and billing amounts. i will certainly recommend this app for my colleagues.
waste of time and slow. i didn’t even get past the registration. the app was soo slow and laggy when i was trying to put my details in i gave up. couldn’t imagine the amount of time i’d waste trying to write up quotes or invoices on it. avoid!!!
love this app!. i can send invoices anytime, anywhere from any device :)
easy to use!. love being able to take photos of receipts on the go!!
helpful. it's a very convenient app, i use it all the time and it's been the best!
. it would be good to be able to save pdf receipts downloaded to my mobile straight onto the app. all i can do just now is take a screenshot.
awesome. great app for the ipad. i hate complicated software a to tract my work. this ones the most user friendly app i've come across. great recommendation. 5*****'s
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
great app. great for small business but it's a little on the expensive side
terrible. can’t figure out who to call for support. need to cancel account but everything goes in a circle. i hate companies like this.
great app but needs banking. this app is great since the last major update, but all i want now is to do my banking on it too.
. the new update just doesnt detect internet connection and hence cant login.
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
useless. this app is useless. you can't even see your check register. pathetic.
. great for business. keeps track of all your records. would defiantly recommend the app to everyone.
useless. my boss uses qb to track my hours. as far as i can tell, i can't make those changes on this app. that makes this app totally useless to me.
. while this app has a couple of problems, the benefits far outweigh the negatives. i would recommend it to anyone in business
. good reliable app
. will not let me create and save new transactions with htc one. please fix this issue. using mobile browser is very frustrating.
. helpful app. makes doing my books a lot quicker and more simple.
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
ap crashes instantly on my iphone x. i have been a quickbooks user for about 3 years already. ever since i got my iphone x app doesn’t even open. i have tried hard restart, setting as a new iphone and still encounter the same problems. it’s incredible that i’m not able to use it now.
pathetic on ipad. i don’t know why intuit bother to have an ipad app. it never works, has less functionality than a browser. the latest update tells you your account doesnt exist, the exact same log in as a browser. someone in the development department is being paid far too much for a substandard product. avoid the app like the plague
does what it should. gets more inuitive with every update.. i am in better control of my business than ever.
great app. quickbooks online works really well, fits my needs as an independent consultant.
. great app to use along side quickbooks online. i like being able to send estimates and invoices on my mobile device with the quickbooks app!
. it sucks if you have credit problems you can't link bank and get payment they don't say that anywhere though do they
aka labels. great app. highly recommended
easy to use and keeps me updated. works great on my s4.
worthless. i have never once been able to generate a p&l for a board meeting. the reporting function just does not work, which is the most useful part of accessing this program through a browser. also, even though i can enter a sales receipt, doing deposits from the + does not work and i am unable to make corrections that are relatively simple from the browser. this platform provides no service at all.
. this app coupled with the web based app is the best thing i have seen for small business. cut book work down to an hour a night rather than 3. the ability to send both quotes and invoices on the go saves hours. works extremely well with the paid web app happy as with both
easy and interlink. quick book is easy to use and able to interlink between my office pc with smart phone, ipad as well as bank accounts. it is making our accounting procedures easy.
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
waste of time. crashes at least 50% of the time i try to enter an expense while on the go
time saver!. we recently had a glitch with the program in that our quotes and invoices weren't displaying correctly if sent from a tablet. qbo support walked us through the problem and made the changes to the backend templates until it was rectified. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden. we are happy with the outcome.
nothing adds up. when you run a business you want your numbers correct. i don't have time to troubleshoot why your software can't add a simple paypal balance and leaves transactions out. your fired!
"great app. excellent app that integrates with lots of other apps i use. it has saved me many hours doing my accounts. (game changer for sure!)  i just wish i could change the wording ""shipping address"" to ""property address"" but maybe in time"
. very helpful for small business. i run a small construction company, it helps me create quotes, track cost, send invoices, and input payment. it allows me to save jobs so i can go back and look at how much a part or whole of a project costed to create quicker and more accurate quotes.
. good app
horrible tech support. they couldn't even transfer my desktop file to quickbooks online. after one month they called me at 8pm to say it can't be done.
. great way to manage my business remotely. easy to use. great app!
brilliant. this app is very easy to use and does everything i would expect...i am finally getting control of my business after 10 years! thanks quickbooks
love it. i love this app, just doing what i want
. doesn't actually show invoices or customers. features are mostly broken or sporadic. using the website is a much better option.
crashes. a lot.. new upgrade crashes. a lot. allowed me on just long enough to click 'leave a review'. then crashed. again.
. very useful app
love new layout. love this app it allows me to create invoices and receipt on the go with tablet or phone
great app. helps me stay on top of my business while away from the office and quickly send and receive invoices. love this app!
great software. i worked with quickbooks over 5 year and i say 90% of the time works great thats. good for accounting software
. make my work lot easier and faster
. it keeps logging out of my bank, and also deleted a lot of what i logged from last year.. now i dont have the correct information that i need... not very happy with this quickbooks app...
learning curve and then it's awesome.. takes some getting used to but i've now got it and it's actually very useful and easy to use. integration between my pc and iphone make it easy on the go and sitting at home. estimates, invoices & expenses all in one app.
. i trust this app
. looks good in theory... bit hard to use and not real keen on all the permissions....
great app. love this app!
"please include timekeeping features.. this app is essentially a ""readonly"" feature of the real online experience for me. after the first couple of days orienting myself to the app, i've given up. please include timekeeping feature. thank you."
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
. this app sucks! i can't even login
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
so useful.... i don't really use it like it's designed. i have 50 company trucks & 5 semi trucks to keep track of at our repair shop. this allows me to document everything. each vehicle as a customer with year & type always easy to find. each invoice acts as a repair, allows me to document every detail and track costs. luv this app! well worth the subscription fee.
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
i can do all my stuff from my phone!. after working for a customer, i can type up some quick notes, have the customer sign off and take payment before i leave. exactly what i needed!
great but has a long way to go. was so excited to migrate to qbo but now that i'm here, there are so much important elements that are not here  bills payment stub or remittance advise doesnt even have a reference or a check #.
new to qb great program. i'm still finding my way around the system. but, so far it's been a game changer for my business. highly recommended.
muito bom.. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
. i love this app easy to track expenses.
. i have been experiencing some trouble when doing the banking reconciliation function. every other app works fine, and even quickbooks is okay until i use the banking feature. updated everything and rebooted phone, still very slow. using an lg v10
. purchased app following welcome link from qb online thinking they would integrate and work together seamless, not so totally separate and no vat invoicing. cancelled same day billed for a month.
easy and convenient. would recommend.
"problematic app. upon originally downloading this app i was pleased. for the first 24hrs. i was impressed. then, i ""sent"" an invoice which the customer never received. next, it failed to update or sync with my account. when i attempted to update manually it chronically reported an error sighting that i should check my internet connection. frustrated, i uninstalled and reinstalled the app. now, it doesn't stay open for long before saying it stopped unexpectedly. i've reported every error without receiving any feedback."
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app.
. disapointed and just hated
love it!. quickbooks has changed the way we invoice and track expenses. the ability to provide estimates then convert to invoices is amazing. the mobile app allows me to work on the go.
easy and effective. very easy and convenient, would just like if they add the ability to create a purchase order to suppliers from the app.
. good app need a few obvious corrections but will be well worth the money when there are fixed
. installed. was so excited. doesnt connect to server. period. useless. rather use simple invoicing
dirty tactics for subscription. unsubscribing to this app is so difficult. an error prompt always appears everytime i process unsubscribing. but if it’s any form of purchase, upgrading, downgrading, anything other than unsubscribing works just fine. no reply from their customer service since i contacted them a few weeks ago. i hope other people who has the same problems with this app comes forward so this developer stops milking money from unwilling customers.
highly recommend this app. i have a mobile veterinary service and use this for all of my billing while i'm on the road. it saves me time by allowing me to bill my clients on site at the time of service, and even process the credit card if they choose to pay that way.
tax ratescounties are incorrect. when i create an invoice from this app, it doesn’t select the correct county even when i manually change it. it causes it to transfer back to desktop version as the wrong county when saved and will not account for that county. please fix
perfect for my accounting firm. love this app! it's perfect for my accounting firm to track our books and clients. i even like how it works with quickbooks online accountant. 5 stars for all.
if it worked.... won't load my bank balance in the app i have to do it on the laptop, it's frozen twice and can't connect to qb online. had it 12 hours so far
. ☢️ testversion — 30tage  nur englisch 👎🏼 ☢️ deinstallliert ⚠️ edit: aber wozu eine app, wenn ich um die website nicht herumkomme ⁉️
wonderful app!!!. couldn't sing the praises high enough. i run a small, single member managed llc and the quickbooks online app is everything i need. i can create and send invoices and sales receipts on the go, even have the customer sign right on my iphone or ipad.
glitchy, incomplete features, and poor data. this app needs serious attention. after years of putting up with this hot mess i’m fed up and rarely use it any more. no matter what i do i can’t get data to load that is any more recent than 2016 for most vendors. no one from tech support replies  ever. american express transactions can’t be synched or approved in the app. about the only thing it’s useful for is matching typical transactions in our checking account.
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
great app. makes life easy. one addition will make it perfect. add journal entry to the app.
it's a win. if your a small business like me, this app is a must.
. very convenient for recording expenses on the go
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
accountant owner. easy to navigate and control
always improving. qbo isn't perfect but it is always improving. this week's update included features for accountants to track their client's pending work, communicate questions and request documents. this is good stuff!
no support for timesheets. also no custom reports
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
invoicing. i'm sending invoices easily!
exelent app. recomended. exelent app. recomended
crashing app. latest update crashes constantly on iphone 11 pro. fix it.
getting better with every upgrade.. great app. they do lure you with the free use then hit ya with the charges later. i think it's a useful tool in the toolbox.
easy here, hard there. you can tell this is more for business that need to create invoices more than purchase orders. desktop as well. i’ll give 4 stars when they add a po feature to the app.
great for my business. the app makes checking banking records and status of transfers easy. the app is also very intuitive. highly recommend.
works well. this app is far better than the desk top program for mac. as a small business i have many more things i need to do than spending time learning a program. it allows easy access for my accountant and mobility for me!
great app. for my business is been really helpful app. i'm a painter contractor, check job all day, if i need to send estimates and invoices now i can do it on the road.
quick books makes my life easier!. doing estimates and sending invoices is easier then ever!
. naughty. doesn't tell you untill you've down loaded and set up it's only a free trial. now looking through it i can't find anywhere to delete to make sure i'm not charged.
add receipt photos!!!. please this feature is desperately needed. you did it for the self employed app why not for this more expensive version???
. update: no longer freezes but is now saving estimates and invoices multiple time and showing 70k extra in income from invoices and bank deposits which it's now not allowing us to match payments with invoices so our only current option is to delete all duplicate payments and have customers outstanding balances until this is fixed
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
on job usage. so easy to access invoices and job costing on the job site so easy to make my life easier
the worst customer service ever. don’t waist your time. trust my word
i love it!. awesome app! it simplifies everything! along with the selfemployment app you can't beat it!
love it!. we've used qb for about a decade, and looove the new app. makes life easier!!
great app. i use it for business all the time it helps as my business is mobile always in the vehicle.
latest update is garbage. update: 1620 still a garbage app even after multiple emails back and forth with quickbooks development team and now it’s been weeks since i heard from them the app still don’t work even after new updates app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
quickbooks. it's great for making estimatesinvoices tracking inventory. .only problem i have found is it prints out like a letter that could be a setting i have missed, would like for the print out to actually look like a billinvoice
. great app to use for companies on the go. can email invoice to customers immediately. love this app!
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses. all from my phone
. nice...love this app a million times. please download.. very useful and helpful
. we tried the free trial before purchasing.. quick books keeps changing my partially paid invoice to paid in full .. when i called tech support he told me to fix this problem its 129.00he was rude and started to raise his voice after i started hows it possible i have to pay that much for a free trial app when they are the ones causing the problem... quick books is no good.. and their tech support is the rudest customer service i've ever heard!
". often doesn't work. customer service tells me not to use the app, to access account from web browser. the numbers you get there may be undependable. don't trust it. the browser doesn't work with the phone. there only reason for quickbooks online is access while away from the computer. i often get the message,""check back in a few hours"". isn't that great when standing in front of a customer trying to write an invoice."
easy to use. its very handy for me
love the desktop version. the app needs work.. limited functionality. i can't even update the credit card i use to pay quickbooks in the app. tough to send invoices to clients
great app. first time business owner and have to say it's a great way to stay organized
. malfunctions on every level. did not attach a single receipt picture to the transaction. brought in the bank accounts and scrambled them. even on the desktop deposits are expenses and you cannot edit them
. i didn't worry about computer crash losing all my data plus it goes with me everywhere. but the app does not work right now. 7 weeks & no feed back
. handy but a little slow
"finally. my clients can take pictures of their cash receipts and upload so i don't have to worry about an audit. i'm a qbo certified user so ""i"" know how to use it, but it's friendly enough that they can too. thanks."
. i have down loaded the app but its not working properly its frustrating
great app. works good for on the go
great. does everything i need, and in an extremely convenient way.
good but lacks key feature. i love everything about this app for running my business, but they have not added the ability for a customer to enter a tip at the signing screen when paying with a card. i've requested the feature multiple times over the past year with no response from quickbooks. this is a key feature that is present in every other card reader app.
. great app
love it!. i love quickbooks online and i love this app!
. i'm getting to grow my business with this app
great app. very convenient
owner of vanoverconstruction llc. making my life a lot easier thank you
. very handy
the app needs work. the web based service is great, but the app needs work. the tool i need (journal entries) are not available through this app, so it's not very useful.
. good app very good addition to qb online really convenient. no issues or problems so far and seems quite secure. simple to use
on way my home. thanks
makes life a whole lot easier. the easy way to track you business.
. i used to be able to pull reports (profit & loss and balance sheet). that feature seems to no longer be available on the latest app version. i don't know why they would remove such an important feature. it would be nice to run other reports as well.
don't update!!!!. if you are using the current version of quickbooks online for your ipad 2, don't update. it will lock you out. then you will have hours of dealing with the horrible customer no service that intuit provide for this mess of a product.
great but needs to add acct payable. love the app but can't look up status of payments to vendors and outstanding bills to be paid.
. worst customer service ever they do the exact opposite of customer service, whatever it would be the answer will always be no, we can't, we won't, it's the policy
. the app is useless. google sign in simply doesn't work. links to my invoices still open in browser even when i have the app installed.
why bother?. don't understand why they bothered developing this app? much more functionality available using safari and logging into quickbooks!
subscription ridiculous. this subscription crap is getting out of hand. what happened to the days when you could buy software and own it? as if quickbooks itself isn't expensive enough, and i would gladly pay once for a quickbooks android app, $125 a year is ridiculous. i don't need your cloud, i have a server of my own, why shove this crap down people's throats?
does what i need. doesn't do s lot, but does exactly what i need in the field.
qb enterprise user. intuit forgot about medium sized companies with the need to use their program remotely. shame 😝
garbage. do not use this app will create an accounting nightmare can’t export back to desktop or keep your data with out staying up with their monthly payments just junk
good apps. it's okay
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
. love this app!
couldn’t be worse. worst customer service out there. pulled money out of my account when they made a mistake.
makes life easy. haven't worked through 100% of the app but as of right now it has made accounting world easier. especially keeping up to date with bank account reconciliation.
smooth app. love it and would never switch.
. almost 2 weeks now the app has not been working. the dashboard is just totally blank. im having to take a toptop to work and tether off my phone.
prestige. this app is awesome! i work on my books as well as my clients. i'm surprise that i can do all from my phone! mrs. jordan
great so far!. i am really glad we went with quickbooks online, as i love this app! being able to pull up any and all financial information as well as build and email estimates and invoices on the go is crucial to our business! thank you intuit!
. best app
. i use quickbooks on a daily basis and having a mobile app makes my job so much easier!! you can do anything on the app that you can on the computer. i'll continue to use this great service and app for my business.
fix the bugs. this program has many bugs and has connectivity issues. the level of problems with the software is extensive. when the program works correctly it works nicely, but the downtime and glitches greatly degrade the value of this software. i would look for an alternative accounting software package. i do not know anyone who has used this software that would give it a five star rating. in other words, i am very skeptical of the rating shown.
major problems with the newest update!!!. the app was working great until a few days ago. now i cannot receive payments on my iphone due to a bug in the app and i also cannot send an invoice via email on my iphone or ipad now. ☹️
i can't look up pertinent information. i can't look up pertinent information on the go while i am meeting with clients, such as a yearly sales history. doesn't do much good for the small business owner. definitely not worth paying so much money for an app that has no functionality in the field.
retired. this new online version is the best so far. user friendly, everything you want to know is right in front of you when you sign in. easy to navigate
great app!. it is awesome everything i need in one spot.
forces login twice. app started logging out after i log in. forcing another login. worked great before that.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
makes it easy. quickbooks has done nothing but make my life as a new business owner a breeze. i can expense purchases, write up invoices and so much more right from my phone when i'm out of the office it's amazing. i don't know where i would be without quickbooks
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
. the app needs to specify that it is for the online version only. in starting that it works with all intuit products, i expect just that, all versions of quickbooks.
convenient, convenient, convenient!. as a small contractor always on the go this app is great with easy access to all my info. only downfall is lack of progress billing from an invoice, but i have found a work around.
. terrible customer service plinky plonky app. i have now moved everything over to xero which is much better
offres aux nouveaux clients. je suis client depuis le début nous avons eu beaucoup de problèmes au lancement, le support était moyen... aujourd'hui il y a beaucoup d'offres pour les nouveaux clients mais rien pour les clients fidèles. et une fois en place... impossible ou presque de partir et d'exporter ses données pour un logiciel sans abonnement. le produit est désormais fonctionnel et agréable mais cher pour une petite compagnie.
app crashes. since the recent update i can't get past the login page before the app crashes. makes doing work harder. what's next?
. great app, makes my life much easier!!
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
. very hard to do on phone
. ok app. automatic data refresh would be great
love itrepeat user. i love quickbooks because of the ease of getting things done in accounting. i am by no means an accountant but this does everything for me and i just hand it to my accountant at the end of the year which makes it so easy.
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
. nice app...very usefully
. great with invoices and estimates on the go. and i can see our sales dashboard wherever we go.
. great app & software. very helpful. would be nice to be able to keyword search within all estimatesinvoices.
new version. the updates are great.
. it's a great way to create quick estimates and invoices.
. greeat app love you guys and ladies from all the products of quickbooks
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
fantastic app for small business. i have been using quickbooks for a year now. before i used to use myob and it used to cost me double what i pay now. it has all the features i need and usually works without any problems. i can write up quotes onsite, and send invoices before i leave the job. i highly recommend this app for small businesses.
. very useful for small and midam business company
content lacking. content and information through the app is basically useless. there are no features available for in depth data reporting. absolutely atrocious if not using a laptop.
don’t you qa this stuff?. the expenses screen is still full of bugs. the whole thing goes wrong after adding a photo (which, incidentally, are now auto cropped even worse than before) and returning to the expenses screen. don’t you test this stuff before releasing it?? (i’m on iphone x).
does what it says on the wrapper. always wanted a mobile application and this has been worth the wait!
fix the app!!!. this app use to work great until the last update! please fix asap!
good when it works. i had internet quick books for my small business. had log in problems almost every time i used it. canceled it.
. very miss leading and is nothink like the tv advert. not to easy to use and over all disappointed. having to use it because of my accountant. no impressed!!!!
. your log in process is pathetic. its always asking me to verify and that process takes over an hour most of the time as it keeps resetting to the main log in screen. if you can't fix this i'll cancel my subscription
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
quicbooks is just plain lame. absolutely ridiculous how one cannot add extra fields in invoicing. support is full of excuses claiming things will be fixed and never goes anywhere. then got message that everything from qbse would have to be migrated to their more comprehensive (read expensive) package... basically just a trap.
terrible. this app has so many problems. it will freeze up and the only way to fix it is to delete he app and download it again. i wii ok old not recommend.
. great app for small business
. cool app
great app. works great
awesome. love being able to bill and email from my phone.. great app
quickbooks online plus. loving the new updates with invoice tracking and the ease of excepting credit cards in the app. getting paid is easier and quicker than ever.
. great app really helps with all my business needs one thing short of five stars and that's an in app calculator!!!!
scam!. this app won’t let you unsubscribe. forgot my password and tried all ways to access my account, but they won’t send me a verification code in my phone. i have exhausted all efforts to change my password and log in, but to no success. i reached out to their failure of a customer service representative, didn’t help either! scam!
superb accounting app. the only mobile app i recommend if you are into real estate. it makes my job as a small real estate owner easier and smarter. thanks quickbooks for this amazing app. great job on maintaining it. cheers! 👍🥂
worse update ever. finally you eat our petition to add calculator to the invoice keyboard and removed on this update? app freezes a lot
qbo ipad better. qbo for ipad is much better. the report functionality on the ipad is very much effective. if reports functionality is added this app, it would be much better.
"it doesn't synchronize. the app is totally unusable. it doesn't synchronize customers and supplier and the transaction with those missing from the list result as incomplete. tried also to dis install and reinstall: same story. on top of this it must also said that the assistance is unresponsive, many days and repeated enquiries to finally get emails full of irritating smileys and useless answers like ""we are constantly improving the apps to serve our mobile customers""."
owner. great app
bugs galore. i hvae been using this app now for 4 years and it is the buggiest app i have ever used. there are times where the app works flawlessly, and when it does it is a great tool, however this is a small percentage of the time. i would not recommend using the online version to anyone using the desktop version. the worst thing about the app is that you cannot transfer the content to the desktop version for mac.
poor functionality. constant crashes inability to complete selected tasks poor functionality this app try’s hard but doesn’t quiet make it with its functions. it didn’t at all shot me but that’s what the 3 day free trial is for. i wasn’t going to rate this app but after they charged me $10.50 for a 1 month subscription after i cancelled and deleted the app; i will rate it
. wow this is a fantastic program i am a new small business owner. i have learned aso much just by using this app!
. very unreliable. get frequent errors trying to edit expenses. ui is clunky and errors all over the place. i don't trust the numbers on the expenses either. actually, the expenses are completely wrong. literally doubled versus the website. what a joke.
master electrician. this app has done everything that i have asked of it. fantastic of estimating, invoicing and receiving payments in the field while on the job site. really saves me time.
mostly simple app. mostly simple app. only issue is posting payments to invoice within app but online no problem.
. great app making it easier to track all of my business finances. and the fact that i can connect it to my other business apps saves me so much time.
. good app for accounting
works well. great app, easy to see what's going on at a glance
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
great app! very easy to understand and use!. great app! very easy to understand and use! david lorea farrington
works great. good app. works great on the road for creating fast invoices on site. great companion app for quick books am dos fully functional.
. your app is not allowing me to create an account. it's keeps saying content type missing. really would of loved to use this app.
convenient and efficient. this app allows me to create invoices and collect for my plumbing services in the field and takes care of the book keeping simultaneously! i can also email the invoice to my customer instantly, which my customers seem to appreciate.
impressive for mobile. i posted a bad review because of some bugs. i received an immediate response about upcoming updates and a week later it was fixed. i love that level of support. nice app too.
app crashing multiple devices (ios 10 & ios 11). i use this app for my business and after the last update the app has been completely useless on my ipad and on my phone. the only way i can log data is by sitting at my computer when i get home from work. please fix asap. using freshbooks until then. thanks.
. this app has told me there is a temporary problem on and off for approximately the past 12 months. this app is detrimental to my business. please fix asap!
. i love the ability to issue invoices and check the current payment status. bring able to photo receipts and record expenses as and when they happen is a great touch too.
user friendly. quickbooks has saved me so much time and stress! i have a small business and tried excel and failed miserably. but when i switched to quickbooks it took me no time to figure out it could do everything i needed and more! also the customer service is wonderful, anytime i have called for help because i'm terrible at technology they walk me through step by step without making me feel stupid. i'm so happy i switched to quickbooks!!!
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
horrible update!. wow this latest update has messed everything up quickbooks was finally working good please fix! some of the words don't even fit correctly on the screen its all mixed together! and worst of all like others have said it no longer knows my clients email address i have to manually input!
best app for any business. i'm a musician and this app helps keep track of all my gigs and insures proper payment!
much better after last update. this app came a long way, for canadians its now usable and competitive to the other services, it took a while but its very nice now.
. ive tried to cancel this and followed instructions to cancel and it keeps taking money out of my account !!! i just want it deleted and my money refunded !!!
. this app works well in ios, but a total disaster on android. i was supposed to renew my subscription, but instead, it routed me to creating a new company under a new subscription. i wasted my money for something i do not need. do not download this app.
waste of time and slow. i didn’t even get past the registration. the app was soo slow and laggy when i was trying to put my details in i gave up. couldn’t imagine the amount of time i’d waste trying to write up quotes or invoices on it. avoid!!!
. great app for tracking expenses and payments
track time. so far i’m pretty unhappy with this app because i thought that i could use it to track my time while i was with a client with a timer. i know that i read that somewhere when i was researching this app. that would have been a perfect feature. if this is something that i can actually do and someone can let me know how to do it i will change my rating to 4 or 5 stars.
. does not work its rubbish app
. can retrieve the old account but it won't re activate. created a new account and password.. can't log in. seems to be an app issue or software
love this app!. i absolutely love this app. it allows me to run my business efficiently and effectively!
great app. i have to switch from another accounting software to quickbooks and every thing is easy to use and easy to navigate.i use it on my phone,desktop in the office.i wish i had it ever since i have been using the other accounts software.
great app. overall its a great app. you can do many things from the app that you can do on the desktop version. i would like to be able to enter the worked hours on the app and also to be able register vendor invoices not only expenses.
. i had to stop in the middle of resending an invoice, after i cant seem to find email resend edit option??:((( have to reenter all like new order, waste of time!!! does it accept international bankwire?
great app. works well
owner. love the program i am having problems inputing my desktop customers and previous business information. called the help desk and still waiting forba fix
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
. conforme já relatado por outros usuários, o app oferece uma promoção de r$13,99. porém ao efetuar a compra o valor é quase r$50,00... engana na propaganda então já parto do princípio que o restante pode não ser bom!
. i am a employee for a small business, and we use quickbooks for all our invoices, and keep track of customers.
"ireland. works well in ireland but some difficulties with irish vat which for small businesses operate on ""receipts basis"" for vat. but work arounds available.. reporting is great. emailing invoice is so easy. this is cloud accounting at the best and improving all the time. david fields in dublin ireland"
app is useless. receipts and notes entered in the app do not show in the register online without additional steps. it doesn’t even show there is an attachment even though i selected show attachments in settings. so what’s the point. absolutely ridiculous in this day and age.
. pathetic for indian users. quick book online for android not supported fir india. there website never successfully register for trial..so poor user experience.
. great app!
. awesome app, makes management easy
incomplete and not easy to use. privacy settings are lacking as they previously were in the online version. to be useful, i need to be able to pass the ipad to a sales associate sioux giving them the amount of access they currently have (with the limited privacy settings). also, the login and password system is cumbersome meaning it isn't quick to open up the app to charge a customers card (faster to run it through the online version)
a real time saver. as a busy professional, this app helps keep my accounting up to date on the fly. the app is extremely easy to use and updates instantly to my online version of quickbooks. well worth it!
. all of my accounting is done through this app from quotes to invoicing. i also use this app for payments from clients with credit card.
expected better.. for quickbooks having been the leader for so long in small business accounting software, i expected more from their online format and their app. while it is great for quick, on the go stuff, you can't add accounts in the app. you have to log into the web version for that. overall, i expected more and felt i stepped backwards in using online from the desktop platform i had used for years.
job costing would be great. my only complaint is that i don't have the ability to truly categorize expenses and income by the job. i use the locations feature, and it is a decent work around, but not quite as seamless as other software. i love the app for field access!
worthless app. i was excited to find this app and, unfortunately, downloaded it. i really cannot figure out what is good for other than creating invoices. confusing when you open the app, it does not get better as you get into it, not that there is anything to get into. i run a small non profit & just found this app useless, except for taking up space. what a pity as i have been a qb user for years.
best app. great
crashing. since updating to ios9, quickbooks keeps crashing after the login!!
. worked fine until they updated the app, now does not work at all, can't even find my account, worthless
. good app
home improvement. great app
"is anyone home?. i give this app one star because it doesn't let you select zero stars! all i've gotten for three days is an endless loop telling me that""to use this app you need quickbooks online"". no kidding? i'd love to find some of the application problems some of you are complaining about. at least you can turn yours on!"
accept button doesn’t work.. love the app however this latest update the accept button doesn’t seem to work so you can’t accept the new line items from your bank feed.
. with no access to the register and a very clunky interface the app is very difficult to use. it is far from useless but also far from essential.
. not bad unable to upload historical data really hurts this app.
business owner. this is a great product ! i don't know how i would keep my business organized without it. also customer services is awesome. this is a must have app!!!!
good but not perfect.. some features missing that you get on the website for example, taxes. i haven't been able to add taxes to an item on the app. i'm sure there is an option but hard to find. also, why does it keep signing me out every now and then. i have to resubmit my password and then setup touch id again.
great app... needs some work.. there’s no way to record a sale without attaching a customer to it. also, there’s really not a place in the app to keep a ledger. if it had these 2 things, it would get 5 stars from me, but as it stands i give it 4.
can’t log in. says my email and password can’t be found (app only).
nice app... i love it.... it helps me keep track of all my company needs... don't have to pay anyone else for what i can do myself... definitely recommend
. very good app
. love this app, saves me a lot of time keeping all business details together, everything at your fingertips. great at tax time, bas time and just a great all round. a couple of things i don't like but i'm trying others ways to get around it.
not free. unless i missed it this app says free. when you try to utilize it, it asks for $$$. if i'm wrong i will change the review immediately.
. this app works well in ios, but a total disaster on android. i was supposed to renew my subscription, but instead, it routed me to creating a new company under a new subscription. i wasted my money for something i do not need. do not download this app.
. great app for billing lets you work right from your phone
. only thing i wish is that the app was more gear to service type industry like pest control other than that phenomenal app
. great app
. great app and very simple to use. just what my construction company needed to be legit
love this app. fantastic and easy use. makes business transactions easy
. excellent and easy to use accounting program, you can do almost everything on your phone or tablet, lots of great features.
. so simple to use! i normally use qb from my computer but the app works just as well while onthego.
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
business owner. this app has all the features i need to run a small but quickly growing business. easy to navigate.
great. great app really comes in handy when i'm away from my office.
defects still in app. app was brilliant until it started alerting that my trial expires so need to upgrade when i'm on a full package and not trial version? fix needed intiut.
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
partial funcionality. useless for my business, i have to do my accouting work on a computer, this app doesnt have what i need
. great app. makes it easier to run my business
quickbooks online. does everything i need without problems.
why the love. app just doenst work well  slow and just not a great experience.
. i can't remove the date from my columns on a quote. several days and still no reply from your support team. extremely poor. if you wish to cater to businesses then you need better support. i emailed and posted but no reply. i have quotes overdue and am losing customers. i want this product but not if there is no support.
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
. it's a great app. i use it all the time with my company. very efficient, and easy to navigate. automatically logs out so no one else can get access to it ( logs out after being in active for a certain amount of time). making banking, estimate invoice, and employees records very easy to keep track of. also love that i can store customers an accept payment online also. only downside sometimes it can be slow but other than that it's outstanding
too expensive now!!. overall i’m happy with the app. the only thing is it has become waaaaay too expensive. can hardly afford it anymore. been exploring other options.
can't find internet?. every time i try to log in i get an error message that there is no internet to connect to which is bull. it's on my cell phone so there's wifi and data. very disappointed.
. simple and easy to use app. makes life easier for small business owners.
. don't fill up your information for free trial it's easy to set up for free trial. they doesn't have options in app for unsubscribe your free trial. you have to reach them every day for unsubscribe your free trial. if you not satisfied from app then start call them before 5days, they will not answer your call till your free trial not get expired. be careful before you sign up.
. slowly improving gets better and better, though slow to do so...
. it's ok when it works, but it takes forever to do anything. it's extremely slow. now it's stuck so it crashes everytime i log in so it can't be used at all. edit: reinstalling the app seems to fix the crash bug.
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
great app. good app. better if it had tracking of vehicle km like the self employed version
new version problems. ever since the last update, i can no longer categorize and add income and expense from the app. it seems the buttons to “add” do not work.
indispensable. as a mobile tutor, and entrepreneur  recent business owner, this app more than pays for itself in the value it brings. i'm always on the go it seems, and my business comes with. makes accounting, etc a breeze!!!
. awesome app and company! used them for several years now and will not go anywhere else...
the recent update fixed the problems!. this app seems to be back to normal! 😄 qb online works great for working on the field and being mobile! 😊
very nice app. very easy to use and make my all estimates and invoices very smooth and keep the updates very soon
user. the best accounting app ever!
network problems. sometimes it says it has network problems and you have to cancel every data you just put in to try saving again. it can be two or three times that happens and that is really frustrating.
excellent program. track my records
. i don't like to forcefully create account first. without using application how can i create account. other apps like this type providing use without login so why you requires login first???
loved it. its very useful app to track expenses and invoice.
excellent app. moved from xero to qbo and couldn't be happier
so easy to send an invoice on the go.. so easy to add items, rates and invoice2go, email it while you are waiting for your coffee and your up to date !
great service. login problems.. live this service. just got a new phone (note 4). cannot login. i get emailpassword error. i've reset my password several times and can login online just fine.
quickbooks fanatic. loving using quickbooks for my diesel mechanic business keeps all my files invoices in order...
great program. it handles almost everything a small business needs. best part is, it's very user friendly.
. app crashes after login. reinstalled and still the same error. android using pixel 3. super annoying
solid app. i can invoice my customer on the way home on the train, and do just about anything else i need.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
. quick books and intuit do not support you or your business if you get scammed. warning do not use this app for credit card transactions. you get screwed. screwed me out of almost $500
. this is fab saves time & energy when sending an invoice
wonderful app.. wonderful app. makes my life so much easier. wish i would have signed up with qbo earlier.
review. i am self employed, i find quickbooks is easy to use as my business is extremely simple. i do have an issue with the annual cost. i think that you should have different rates for individuals like myself who only use it a few times a week.
easy to use. easy to learn and use. nice to set up. help is always there if needed.
great way to get my money in and estimates out.. really happy quickbooks enables me to work anywhere creating on the spot estimates and invoices making my cash flow work better for me. great app
. this app is easy to use, once you get the hang of it. i can take pictures of all receipt which makes it easy to keep track.
can't tap anything when looking at an individual transaction. banking > new transactions > view transaction let's you see what quickbooks added but doesn't let you edit anything.
excellent for the it service provider. as an it service provider, this app allows me to log my hours and mileage in the field. i can even email customer invoices immediately after services are performed. this is, of course, paired with quickbooks online plus, which allows you to log hours per customer. highly recommended!!
great app but needs improvement. there are various things you can’t do on app .example you can’t set recurring transaction, use batch actions for reminders. for indian users , they have not launched quickbooks payment. there is no customer portal ,there should be system for sending invoice and reminder link via sms overall it is good app and all does the basic stuff but should look forward to integrate above stuff as well
. love it!! user friendly and never any issues
no ability. i download the app and signed up, then i realized that i have to be self employed
will not let me access my info!!!. ever since i got new phones for my technicians ,samsung s5, i have not been able to access any of my customers, transactions, or invoices. i use qbo for my business, but have now lost all mobile capabilities. if not resolved, i will be forced to use a different accounting software. 5 stars if working properly.
. very handy great app
i like this software but not sure. how do i export this information or report or how do i print
excellent. i am a pro exterminator and i have been using this app since i launched my company federal bug investigators in 2012. it's features are amazing and allow me to create an invoice, charge a card on the spot and more, while out in the field or away from the office. thanks to this technology i am an elite entrepreneur.
. very good support in bookkeeping
. great app except one thing... why is intuit nickel and dimming us for tools and apps. i can understand pay extra for using the payroll feature in the actual program but paying for an app is stupid. if they made this app free i would be will to bet sales for software and online versions would increase more than enough to pay for the app development and running costs. other than that, great app.
incredible. more efficient that this program nothing
signin process needs work. i allow fingerprint signin, but that option doesn't show up when i need to signin. i enabled twostep verification and set up google authenticator, but when i signin the only option is text message. the whole process just feels very sloppy and halfassed.
great costumer service. i hope that they improve the app but so far so good. very satisfied with the product.
too expensive. i do to want to pay for s subscription , i just want to buy the software
. great app!
quick books. the best app ever, easy to use, never had an issue that could not be easily resolved. i run 2 nyc businesses and mostly on the run.
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
still needs work. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address. i have many customers that own many places and i need to be able to put the address in for each place where the work is done with that same customer and the app doesn’t allow this to happen.
. i just need it to do invoices with 2 taxes and it seems to work good
great app. i am enjoying staying on top of things while on the go.
very useful. simple and very helpful
quickbooks saves me time & money. this app has streamlined my business as i am always on the go. its easy, efficient and powerful! still missing critical features in international version such as online paypal payments
like it but has its let downs. i like being able to get stuff done on breaks throughout the day. givea me more family time when i get home but the computer version is 10x better. if the app were set up the same would get 5 start from me
this works for me.... i have a hard time keeping up with my invoices but this makes it simple for me to keep track on the move or like right now laying in my bed creating invoices and estimates. this is great.
. app is so slow and doesn't have the functionality of the full web version making it pretty useless
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day. unnecessary steps required for multiple entries, should use 'save and next.'
great accounting app. very happy with my quickbooks app.
good app. haven't had a problem with this app.
great app. for on the go consultants, this is amazing. get paid faster by sending an invoice right after a service visit.
not very good. this app dose not work with samsung galaxy s 6 or 6 edged, iv phone over 6 time now and just keep getting fobbed off , i don't even think thinking quickbooks technical support know wat they are doing i'm just left in the dark
. never could get it to work, after months of paying and a call into quickbooks (who do not support the product if bought through the playstore or apple store), i gave up trying to use this software. $160 out the window with not a single useful action resulting from owning this product.
great app. saved me hours of paperwork, great app 👍
"access. i was going to download the app until i saw the list of ""access needed"". confused why they need my contact, camera, photos, etc. to run financial program. seems a bit intrusive."
professional cleaning. quickbooks makes my company easy to run. the app is just the cherry on top.
terrible. glitchy. doesn't update new transactions. hard to navigate compared to desktop qbo app. honestly, intuit knows it can do better than this. they're just greedy.
buggy. since updating to the latest version i can’t view invoices from the home screen or even update and send invoices from the invoices screen. hire some competent engineers.
nothing but glitches on my ipad. really not worth it nothing but problems one operating on ipad
. great app
great app. i am just learning how to use it better things i would like to see is how to create a priceless
a very awesome easy to use tool!. a very awesome easy to use tool! my accountant loves it.
. always been a great app! wish we had better designable invoices but oh well. thank you!!
. app is crashing. also, when it does log in successfully, it doesn't remember my state from previous login. it needs to downloads stacks of data all over again.
awesome. i love this app, it really gets to the point. there are no in betweens or aggregating pop ups. quickbooks r...o... c... k
trouble with ipad app. hello, i have the app in my iphone and it works great, but i have downloaded the app in the ipad and it tells me: looks like your account doesn’t include access to the quickbooks online mobile app... what i need to do to have access?. please advice! thanks
bugs and bugs it a jungle. 1. kicking out of the app very often. 2. not able to email multiple invoices at one time. 3. limited search capabilities. cant search notes and description. :(
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
the best accounting program on the market.. the best on the market
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
. enjoying this app, life made easy...
. app gets crashed while working, statements can be printed downloads like web version. what is the need for inapp purchase for this app
. this is not the full quick book experince togo, maybe if you only sell 5 products and dont need to go through and verify invoices. for me this is usless, full features or no go.
not as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices and managing the dashboard
. exelent app!!! excellent app it works for my small business if one tech and one office lady.i just can't figure out how to add small items i use to repair i.e. couplings tees nineties and what they fall under. other than that i love this app.
great app. love this app. it makes running my business easier.
great. i wish i would've used qb a lot sooner. life would've been much easier
. bugs galore and only on my first day of trying it out. sorry but needs some work.
. very helful. saves time and energy in the evening by allowing me to do all of my data inputs on the phone as they happen.
. nice app
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
qbo is essential. i have my own consulting company and qbo makes running my business much more efficient. even an accountant client agrees. one of the best features is the expense recording. at a business lunch, i'll take a pic of the receipt, record the transaction and that's it. don't have to think about it again. i couldn't function without qbo!
pretty basic and useless. edit: still can’t see monthly reports. i don’t need the annual pl as much as the monthly. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
most of the buttons don’t work anymore. how could you make something this bad? buttons like accept transfer do not work. if this this was any more of a dog, it would shed. wake up and fix this over priced piece of poop!
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
need o and p. really need to add a way for someone to mark up of the invoice and show change orders to estimates.
. it's not perfect yet, but does what i need invoices and sales receipts in the field that i can print with my mobile printer. the recording part isn't as good as my desktop version but i know with time it will be improved.
great app. so easy for me to bill from anywhere.
great app when it works.... after update to ios 13 as well as the latest version of the qbo app, i cannot access supplier information. on top of that, i am unable to save expenses that i am trying to enter too. there goes the productivity. qbo team really need to be better at this!
great improvement. i'd been using a really old pc version and am amazed at how much the app has changed, for the better too.
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
quickbooks app. i find this app to be the most useful app on my phone to run my yard care business due to be able to add jobs that have been done right on my phone to make it easier to remember what's been done
deceiving. silly me. i thought quickbooks had somehow released a free service. i installed this app, and the first thing i am presented with is a screen asking me to sign up for a free trial. sorry, $12.99 per month is just not worth it for quickbooks until they finally build a decent rental business module. i hate being tricked into downloading apps that are actually not free.
i can’t do payroll from the app. it works great and is much improved from the original versions but i do not have a desktoplaptop pc........ only ipads and android phones and the apps limits my access way to much i currently use the chrome browser but it’s horrible only part of the screen is visible on the ipad some save buttons can not be accessed thanks for your help
. i've used qb for 8 years. this app is the better and more seamless than the pc version. love the capability to invoice customers on the job, record payments and send a receipt in seconds.
. so far total garbage app. i connected my app to my qb online account. i opened the app. snapped 3 receipts. camera worked well isolating the receipts. after that totally useless. despite a new tab appearing in my banking section online i cannot find the receipt copies in either the app or online. i really needed one to return a product. qb cs of no help.
great app. i've started using quick books as i switched from kashflow it's much easier and has a great user interface.
great for in the field. its awesome to have the ability to invoice the customer right when the job is done so i don't forget later. easy to use and love that no matter what device i use they all link.
fantastic software !. this has made my life a whole lot easier. invoice and estimates on the go. i really feel in control of my accounts.
. crashes on loading. android 7
great company. starting up a new business has been a confusing journey. quickbooks has helped me get through a lot of the pain of how to take payments and handle expenses and such. would definitely recommend.
great layout!. i find quickbooks online easy to navigate. the menus are logical and easy to use even before you learn the app. i'm glad i made the change to qbo!
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best version of the app is on the ipad. the worst version is on my mbp.
. not the smoothest running game app
make thing simple. we work away from the office all the time. q on the smart phone makes that easy. and it has never locked any of phones up. it work great.
. exceptional experience and great customer service.
limited functionality, issues signing on, given up.... i have tried to use the app for sometime but find the functionality limited and not sufficient to be practical. in recent weeks i have had an issue switching clients which support has been unable to resolve. i am deleting the app & will use the web version.
app servicer. qbo needs more reporting capacity.
owner. love the app. makes running my business so easy. i would give it five stars except once i was using the app and the system was down for little while. made me feel a little uneasy
qbo app. very good indeed!
. has potential but hasn't let me update any transactions since day one. tells me to try back in a few hours. not the best way to run a business budget. update: it's been a week and still broken. performed all the suggestions in the response article. update 2: yeah did email them like you asked. still waiting for a reply...
cc payment signature window. love the app but, something was changed in one of the recent updates. the screen for the customer to sign to authorize cc payment was made into smaller window. every time you touch it to try and sign, it just moves the window up and down. you can barely make a single line. starting to get frustrating for customers and myself. please address this asap thanks!
. this apo no longer works. i cannot make invoices, sales receipts, etc. i called quickbooks and they said there is nothing they could do. i have a mobile business and relied on this app, now it's useless.
. does all of my accounting. great app
. this app has been great for be and my small business it helps me to be able to stay on track of my invoices in and out at the touch of my screen.
. started using it a week ago... so far so good
". we really like quickbooks online. it works nice but, the android phone and apple ipad apps still need some work. while functional in some things, overall app needs improved. we still use it, only when absolutely necessary, not a go to thing. my rating will change to 10 stars when  ""if"" they update these apps. but qb in general, love it!"
. you did an update on friday afternoon while i need to use the program. now i can't access the program because i need to do an update that o cant do because of a glitch in the update
mobile app. you cannot check your inventory or edit invoices from the mobile app.
. this website is terrible and the customer service is friendly yet not helpful!!! i want to cancel my subscription and yet told to remove the app from my tablet....wrong by removing the app it does not cancel my subscription...very unhappy!!
keeps getting better. i've had this app since its first release. i can finally rely on the phone  ipad app without needing to boot up my computer  including accurate profit and loss accounts and easy invoicing. the new bank reconciliation for the app works perfectly and is a very welcome addition for my business. i look forward to international currencies being supported in a future release.
top notch. awesome! don't know what i would do without it. i guess put everything on paper lol.
. worst app ever. 0 stars.
jimsop enterprises. it is good. it has provided a solution to my accounting problems
useless. this app is useless because if you have an online account with mac or pc you cannot use this app on your ipad! save your time, don't download it.
great support but app is flawed. i have several companies setup on one login. this was done by qb themselves but it keeps crashing, stalling or telling me there is a fault. also don't choose 'other' as business type as list of income and expenditure categories is massively reduced and you will have to add the ones you want manually. customer service is excellent but i shouldn't need to know this!
nightmare to delete account. costs per month!
. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless. hello quickbooks how about a fix?
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
lacking. this app has potential, but it's lacking. especially the fact that you cannot make deposits on the mobile app, only on the desktop version.
crashes all the time. no matter what version this is, it always crashes on me. i never use this this app, although it would be fantastic if i could.
frustrated. very difficult to make adjustments and when receiving a payment i have not found a way to receive cash as will as a card on the same invoice. frustrated
very good app. good
love it!. we've used qb for about a decade, and looove the new app. makes life easier!!
. great way to write and send invoices in the field
it's only a trial. this looks brilliant until you've set up the account only to find out that it's a 30 trial. by that time they've got your email. well done them. clever!! immediately deleted
bad update. was close to perfect, or at least practical. since the last update, this app is useless to me. hoping this will change!
good app with room for improvement. the features they have work well, but many of the features on the website are not included. it has many of the customer options, but not much else. if they ever make this a fully functional app, i'll give it 5 stars.
easy and quick. love being able to enter transactions on the go via mobile, and then run reports and do analysis on the laptop back home
great app. yet again another update and even more glitches, you charge a fortune and cannot provide a decent service  i’m considering switching to a competitor as you have breached the contract that you have with me. this needs fixing urgently and you need to refund subscription fees! my advice to businesses and the selfemployed is do not use quickbooks!
easy. it could be a little bit easy to use.... invoices could be customized to add options like hours....
. good app
. why does it keep saying that there is technical difficulties in using the app? even before prior update, it had this issue. no issue with the ios app though
not good for my use. i would like to have a setting to hide all account information so i can have employees out with ipads giving estimates or quotes. this is for personal business. good for that but forget trying to take pictures of receipts to write expenses.. takes longer than scanning them on my pc
does very little. waste of time, minimal functions
. great application, very usefull and make book keeping work easier
. great app.
. quickbooks is not stable as it should be and regarding support and response they are very lazy even basic business options are not available like we cannot see the prices in products and services etc
east coaster. i love the online version. i can use my laptop, ipad or iphone to update, send quotes or invoices and even take payments via email.
. quickbooks has allowed me to continue with my business by taking care of all of the administrative work for my business. thank you quickbooks
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
great app. i use this everyday! wouldn't want any other invoicing company
. nice app very usful and conviniant
. i have talked to intuit support multiple times of why i can't enter charges so i can document on the go. my phone has a bigger screen resolution than my ipad. since the jellybean browser and firefox registers as an ancient copy of chrome, i'm stuck with remote desktoping to a real computer to do work. thanks intuit.
very useful app. i only wish it was just a bit more robust, like the software.
great small business tool. very easy to navigate and enter information. i can enter data on my home computer and then access it with my phone when i'm not in the office. great app
simplicity. this app has only gotten better and better with each update.
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the ipad and iphone is useless.
honestly i would rate this app 0!. app doesn't work at all, getting error every time i'm trying to login. no respond from team during a week! just stay away of it!!! if you think that your advice to reinstall would help  you are wrong! i did it already couple if times before your advise finally came in. this app just doesn't work and i wouldn't spent more time for it!!!!!! stay away of it!!!
qbo. very helpful with creating invoices.
. for over a week, the app has been failing to load my account details. i sent the error report by email too. i am using the correct login info and i have a samsung galaxy s10 plus. the app is poorly designed and maintained... spending all the money on those commericalsads vs on the actual product, not looking to renew once our lisence expires at this rate... we can just build our own system instead or use other functioning ones..
great accounting software. i previously used myob, thank goodness i changed to this  it is light years ahead and is saving me huge amounts of time.
not for indian. please do remember this app is not useful for indian currency so don't waste your data.
. does not work on my pixel phone. sucks i have to pay the same rate as everyone else but can't get all the benefits. update...the email address intuit gave me to email does not work...shocker.
top notch. this app works great, easy to use after i played around with it for a bit. very convenient and quick to use.
can't set it up. tried to get this to work but every time i go to the web page t set up the account etc it just sits there white a spinning timer at stage 2 of 3 of the setup. tried loads of times but just won't work. think if i ever get this working my first invoice will be to quick books for wasting so much of my time
please repair!. its a excelent, but in 1 mounth are problem to connect in sometimes!! i have problem to connect to app in my iphone and a need for my business, that is terrible problem.
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
must have. this app is an all around life saver for the on the go business minded person! freedom to work on the go!! absolutely love it!
. great app
junk. this app is an embarrassment to use. doesn't attach correct to emails, rude default email tags, and prints too light to fax. i used qb contractor for 10 years before being talked into ipad by apple as the way to go mobile. save your money do things right. this freezes up a lot too which if you have time to wait may be for you.
no other compares. no other accounting software appprogram compares or gives you the power and knowledge at your finger tips. great app. easy to use. tons of features. perfect or managing your business on the go!!
not a replacement. not fast. doesn't sync well.. this app needs a lot of work to be reliable and usable. no matter how many times i sync it doesn't actually sync to the web apps data. it keeps logging me off the fingerprint option. this might be designed in there because human fingerprints change very often? correct?
not great but ok. i gave a review a few years ago when the online version first came out and it was bad. they resolved many of the issues and now it runs really well. i don't have any crashes can do almost everything that my laptop version online can do. i highly recommend it.
new ios too many bugs. cannot open customer invoices. please correct asap!
awesome app. let's me run the financial end of my business anywhere.
wow!. really cool app! it's linked on all my device! i can make invoices on my phone and send it to my clients directly from email! cool stuff!
worst thing i’ve ever used.. can i give this no stars, it is awful, as others have said awful support, i’m not vat registered but after an update my account changed so it started calculating vat now left with a massive bill for the accountant to fix all the entries. my advise avoid like the plague, wouldn’t touch this app with a 20m barge pole, it’s the worst app and worst support i’ve ever seen.
good but too many bug with ios. after the good first impression, using daily is little bit frustrating. example: problems with input dates and items. sometime the calendar doesn't open etc.
. just an overall awesome experience i just wish they will have the invoices forwarded in backwards so we can go from invoice number 1 to ingles number 2 and 3 and so forth
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
. its a good app but they keep raising the monthly charge by more than 25% every 10 months... i'm now paying $35month. i will be looking for a new accounting software. they say it is for new improvements to the software, however, i was fine with the way it was. don't pass that on to existing customers who have been loyally using the software. i think it is a poor excuse. unacceptable.
touch id and pin not working. i down loaded the update; the update was suppose to help improve touch id and the pin. however, now bone of them work and i have to sign in every time. i tried it on my iphone and ipad neither work. disappointing
. best app ever i used
wah. good app!
. hi team kindly add digital signature...only this 1 thing is missing in this app...overall best experience with you
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
i can't run a business with quick books. the format is different on my ipad that it is on my iphone. i don't have the ability to do half the stuff i can do from my computer, which is a huge inconvenience when i'm in the field. i wouldn't recommend quickbooks or the apps to anybody.
office portability. i can post info on the fly, keeping my books up to date, even up to the minute. my clients can get estimates instantly when asking for them. my bookkeeper can see what's going on with me right now.
. love the ease of use for this app.
works well but sometime updates break it so update with caution.. about every 6th update seems to have an error. overall its great.
gets the job done!. i can make transaction entries on the move. i really enjoy this app.
fantastic app for small business. i have been using quickbooks for a year now. before i used to use myob and it used to cost me double what i pay now. it has all the features i need and usually works without any problems. i can write up quotes onsite, and send invoices before i leave the job. i highly recommend this app for small businesses.
great stable app that keeps getting better and better!. gives me access to everything i want but i'm on the go or just don't want to pick up the computer or tablet.
quickbooks is genius. i don't normally write reviews for apps. but quickbooks online is simply amazing. i've been using it for over a year and i absolutely love it. i can download transactions from the bank so no boring data entry and can create invoices on the go on my phone. so good.
j’aime!. it’s a great app. i love it!
. words cannot express how unfriendly this platform and interface is. both on app and desktop. nothing is plain and simple, switching back to invoice2go as i've been trying to create an estimate for over 6 hrs here and it takes me 5 mins on invoice2go
very helpful. make managing my bussines much easier. good app.
as others have said. don't get the point.. i guess the mint guys are in charge now? the guys that created a consumer finance app that didn't have the function to balance a checkbook?
worst customer service. i love the idea of the app but it’s too confusing i don’t get a lot of the options and customer service i barely understood anything was no help at all. i just simply needed the app to track incomeexpense and personal pay.
great wee app. i've had this app a few week very easy to work with.
great app if it worked.. this app was really promising at first, but now it seems like i consistently have issues with chase bank accounts and american express accounts updating. it’s monday and sine thursday my alchase accounts say they are updated when they are not and my amex continuously has error connections. and then u call customer service and they ask you if you called amex to see why there was a connection problem. a shame.
great app. saves me a lot of time. very fluid with payments and bank transfers.
. best accounting software! worst customer service ever!!!! hold times are hours & when you finally get a person, which is a miracle, they get offended if your upset & will hang up on you!they do not want to help you, just keep you trapped in their maze paying that monthly (rediculous) price! all they want is your money! & will hold your important business info & data entered as ransome. *horrible business practice*
. excellent app for any business.
hair kreations. simple, fast and reliable
business made better. this has been a great experience. it has made billing especially easer and i'm getting paid sooner. two thumbs up. great tech support!!
overall ok. if you have an issue good luck getting a hold of customer support. freezes up at least once a week and sometimes i can’t get into my invoices. for what i am paying for i expect more
fmtt. i like quickbooks especially the app. however, reconciliation is difficult and confusing. also, matching. deposits and making sure deposits are made in quickbooks is so hard to figure out.
awesome app!. started my business with the start of this app since i'm a mobile mechanic and it's awesome to do quotes and invoices on the fly makes it easier to keep customers
. please return the notes options this last update is very bad
unreliable. i don't advice anybody to download this app it had a major problem since two months and till now not solved.
effective. we love the fact that our company can work together from distant  separate computers. we really appreciate that quickbooks continues to upgrade and modify their program.the initial ( 4years ago drove our bookkeeper a little crazy) but each update makes sense and increases speed of system.
c'mon man. still won't let you attach items. ...... please fix!
". update 101619: still useless as constant login issues persist, why use the app if i constantly have to uninstallreinstall + clear cachedata. constantly unable to use app  login, keep getting ""temporarily unavailable"" !!!"
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
it's only a trial. this looks brilliant until you've set up the account only to find out that it's a 30 trial. by that time they've got your email. well done them. clever!! immediately deleted
missing too much functionality. basic features like looking at an account are missing. my chart of accounts are listed but clicking to view transactions says this account not viewable in the mobile app.
i wanted to like it. but..... i didn’t appreciate the daily phone calls asking if i needed help .... i just wanted an app that would let me do my own thing and not feel harassed
crashes. crashes instantly please fix asap
exactly as described. it does what it is supposed to. i am a longtime user of the desktop version and still do, however for a fledgling small business that is mobile the online version is incredibly convenient.
spotty & unreliable. i rarely review any apps that i use unless they are particularly great or particularly terrible. in this case, sadly it is the latter. this app doesn't have basic features that should be included, and about half of my invoices i cannot open from the app because apparently it uses some feature in their api that is nonsupported or not working. regardless, if you are looking for a 21stcentury accounting solution and app this is sadly not it at all.
tons of bugs and glitches. there are lots of glitches and lack of features in this app. the vendor transaction history is spotty, many vendors and missing history all together. profit and loss report doesn’t scroll. can’t see the true checkbook register of checks that are written out but haven’t yet cleared. it’s really not very good.
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
owner. 365 bookkeeping & payroll. absolutely love the qboa and the qbo mobile app. user friendly.
not bad. seriously though i wish every program could at least list their password requirements when your login fails i.e capital letters symbols and numbers
. does what it says on the tin.
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
good for invoicing only. i was really looking for an app that i can put receipts for purchases in as i buy things and download later to qb. this is not it
overall good product. not having access to the entire online tools on the app makes for complicated tasks at times. the online browser does not run fluently with a safari browser so if i need anything beyond basics i need to get to a pc.
they just keep changing the app.. my biggest complaint about the app is the limited features on customer entries. the pc version you can enter a customer as tax exempt on the phone you can't. further if you open the customer information on the phone and save it it will clear the tax exempt status on the pc version as well. so it is a constant battle to keep who is and isn't exempt straight.
. the desktop app is great, the mobile android one is bad, it freezes all thr time, crashes, doesn't work.
. the app is currently not working as i cannot login for the last few days. i can login to their website so it's just the app. i have sent the error log a few times and still no fix. i have deleted the app and redownloaded still no luck.
mobile office. app works wonderfully makes life easy on the go for mobile office. keep up the good work!!!
. never used an app before for my bookkeeping but feel confident this is the way to go. this app is good though plenty of room for improvement. i am now using it and have used it to now feb 2018. so far so good higly recommend it for all business people on the go
ipad app keeps me up to date. i appreciate very much how handy the ipad app is for quickbooks online. it continues to add new & helpful features. the one i’m most happy about lately is being able to successfully “match” downloaded bank transactions. this keeps me connected to my actual cash flow without needing to have a bulkier electronic device with me. i travel a lot and being able to work with the qb online app is key to keeping my business successful.
kewl app. thanks
essential tool. this app is the greatest tool for invoicing.
weak weak app. this app is very basic. can't even view multiple accounts without logging out and logging back in. terrible
mileage tracker not working.. so far quickbooks support has not been able to get the mileage tracking feature to work on my phone. iphone6. won’t manually of automatically track mileage and wb support has not resolved or explained why. partial functionality is not good enough!
. very happy with this program an app hats off to u for such an awesome buisness solution
. was working great until now... not working on my phone (samsung) with this new update...fix this problem asap... keeps telling me there's a new update i have to download even after i installed it... kicks me out of the app.... i've uninstalled and reinstalled this 4 times already... very disappointing!!!!!
. this is app is so convenient! love it!
needs better support. i thought this was a great app then it wouldn’t allow expenses to be uploaded, one of the main reasons for using this on the mobile app, support we’re worse than useless and could give no time scale as to when this would be fixed to a small business working on the go this defeated the whole point of using a mobile app, am looking for alternatives
awsome. very good program has helped me a lot.
. the app sucks really bad, it's full of continuous bugs and it is unstable, every time you try to add attachments to expenses the app freezes does not save and shut down, find another solution because it's sad.
getting better.... last used this bout a year ago. i dunno if it's me or the app but it seems much more intuitive now.
. great app to use for all my business needs
owner light it up. cannot login iphone 6s qb update will not download properly can't get into customer information what the cuss😡😡
awesome app!. started my business with the start of this app since i'm a mobile mechanic and it's awesome to do quotes and invoices on the fly makes it easier to keep customers
brilliant. best invoice app i've had
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
best app. very helpful online support
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
amazing. this app is amazing work flawlessly
perfect for in the go. i've used invoice2go, fresh books and a few other invoicing apps. quick books is the real deal and makes your life much easier. highly recommend!
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
. great app
better than nothing. can't access all that i need to access on this app.
utter crap. if i could give no stars i would app crashes all the time won't send invoices to customers i have had for years have been struggling on with quickbooks for several years but now can't take the frustration anymore caused by this utter waste of money.
great for mobile businesses. i'm reading the current version just a 2 because they claim to have touch sign in on the iphone but it does not work properly
. does not work well with android. the keyboard covers the buttons which kept me stuck when creating an invoice. invoices cannot be sorted by invoice numbers. why?!
cis transactions. cannot carry out cis transactions in the app for some reason, you have to use the web version. this is really annoying and somewhat inconvenient. other than that, a great app....
"great app! how about adding work orders?. love the app... would love to have a ""work orders"" option for all of us construction guys who use subcontractors for the ""services"" we provide though."
. awesome app
great customer support. when they updated the app they changed how bank deposits are recorded. it used to be from the home screen you could tap the plus sign and in addition to entering a debit you could add a deposit. they took that away and i was confused. but their customer support responded quickly to my review explaining that they had moved it to the top three bars. i’m solved! and i really appreciated them responding.
awesome!. i have always enjoyed using quickbooks. over the years i have moved from quickbooks to quickbookspro to quickbooks enterprise and now quickbooks online. this online system is awesome. if integrates well with other systems i use, it’s easy to navigate (once you take the free courses), customer service is excellent when i have issues  and it will move straight into my turbotax corporate filings. love, love, love it!
handy. the mobile app is very convenient for entering expenses on the go. you can add photos of receipts and create new customers and suppliers easily. profit & loss and balance sheet function gives you a quick snapshot of your business. overall, the app is quite handy to use for small businesses.
great for business. this is a great app to use for daily business
sooooooo easy. each update gets better and better, making bookkeeping easier and easier.
master electrician. this app has done everything that i have asked of it. fantastic of estimating, invoicing and receiving payments in the field while on the job site. really saves me time.
cis unfriendly. useless if your a contractor or subcontractor. if your in the construction industry, this app is useless. you cannot create cis invoices which renders this app useless.
terrible support  avoid. terrible, terrible support. continual promises of call backs from customer support agents on live chat never happen because the bugs you find are too hard. open tickets for bugs never get resolved. you ask for a supervisor or manager and you have to email the person you’re complaining about?! get told that because of system bugs you have to manually delete the key back in multiple entries. you’ll be left at year end with books that don’t balance like me. avoid!
. good summary of your business right at your finger tips. like the ability to take pictures of your receipts and enter the expense on the spot, no need to worry about keeping receipts.
new update crashes every time. new update makes me close and reopen every time for critical app updates
lacks important functionality. this app doesn’t let you see current bank balances for any account, which is a major oversight. intuit: please add this feature.
. i can't receive payment directly to my bank account. somehow it goes to undeposited funds even if a choose cheque or direct debit.
sales tax. cannot use the app on my phone because it does not calculate sales tax correctly. spoke with customer service. they know the issue and do not seem to think it’s important to fix it. makes the app almost useless to me
interstate_g. i’m a young entrepreneur. no degrees and some college classes in my background. when i say that this app is easy and straightforward forward, helps me run my business, and does most of the work. easy is an understatement. if accounting is your barrier in your buisness look no harder cause qb is the answer.
no problems. just a decent easy tool for your business which will save on time and money. can’t complain!!
qb app. this app worked fine but up until this recent update there are a few glitches and it shuts down in the middle of updating and invoice!
love it. easy to use and reliable. customer love the fact that they can sign the estimate and invoice.
. great app for invoicing and tracking expenses
best accounting app i've used. this makes my business run smooth and conveniently, i hope they bring more functionality to it still.
does not do simple qb tasks. this app does not have all the functions as the computer online version. i can't run simple reports and the payroll app which is separate does not allow me to make changes to the employee information. doesn't function like you need it to and it put me in a bind when i went out of town with just my ipad. i would not even give it one star. worthless.
nogo on ipad pro. doesn't look good on ipad pro and doesn't support split screen. need to be able to have qb open on one side and my project system on the other to create invoices.
. nice app, would be 5stars but seem unable to wages
update broke. i cannot accept transactions. the only things accessible on the baking screens are back and trash. please fix otherwise it’s useless.
. this is a great app! makes billing expenses and invoicing so much easier!
. when it comes to converting an estimate to an invoice or processing transactions, the app experience is excellent and even preferred to the desktop version. smooth and easy to learn.
find & reports. would be faster to be able to find estimates and invoices by number. also be nice to look at reports.
business owner mechanical contractor. qbo, has been the best program for my business. i am really impressed with its capabilities, and have been a user for several years now. i am currently trying to integrate every day work apps with qbo for a single point of origin business management software.
mostly great!. at the moment qb's mobile won't work. some kind of trouble with company data downloading. hopefully fixed soon.. otherwise good and handy app.
great app. great app. gives me complete flexibility while operating my small business!
easy and friendly. so far i am enjoying the app and it's easy to understand platform
bad app! bad app!. i loved the app... then it fell apart. i cannot get it to show current status on anything! why is it so hard to keep a good app 'good' ??
update the update, please.. i love this app. i use it every day, but the new update (4.5, released yesterday) will not let me record payments or save new invoices. it forces me to cancel each time, which doesn't save any changes made. please fix asap.
please add more search options. this is a great app to accompany a great service. my only request is that i be able to search for content within invoices themselves. for faster lookup!
awesome app!. best way to keep your finances organized!
doesn’t sync with quickbooks online account. the app isn’t syncing with online account data. was hoping to use the app for quick entry while on the go.
. app is pretty much useless. pointless to have an app when i have to enter my transactions on a desktop anyway. i want general journal entries in the app (or ya know, a better way to enter my daily sales info) or my damn money back!
error. the app is not letting me sign in! it keeps saying error!
it's broke :(. wonderful app, latest update has caused many issues, including signing in with fingerprint or app code. have to do a full sign in each time with email and loooooong password. hope they can fix soon! 😩😖😤
. the online version aaks you to download the app, which doesnt do half the stuff the online version can do. 🤷
can't save my invoices!. my app auto updated. now i can't save my invoices on the go. i use this app all day, 6 days a week. i'm in the home services industry and i can no longer invoice my clients, which means i can't collect payment either! get this fixed!
. great software i use it on my laptop, phone and tablet. easy to use very happy with product. would recommend to any business owner
. wish i never started using quickbooks. i can't connect to my bank anymore . got the new app logged in and they want another subscription off me. waste of time and money. no actual support apart from the automatic ok ne which is as much use as a chocolate fireguard.
. how do i unsubscribe? i've been getting charged 5 bucks per month for a app that i deleted
works well but. some features don't integrate with qbo and visa versa. i think this product should be as similar as possible across all available platforms.
please fix. 1. when creating an estimate or invoice you can not add the project location. 2. also i have an item for notes on my estimates which should not show any price numbers (0.00) 3.i can not edit the way estimates  invoices look. i try it in android and apple both apps have the same problem. if you fix that the app will be perfect.
needs some work. this app is good but needs more work. error message kept popping up while working in it. some tasks are missing like entering bills. can't find sign out button or switch to a different company.
very handy.. great app for when i'm away from my pc and need to sort invoice or sort my accounts.
. switch to xero even though its more expensive. better off wasting money on a useless app. cant even save a transaction. lousy support and engineering team to not resolve such a essential feauture after 1 month. subscribe at your own risk.
. great accounting software
service date is still broken. has had this problem for months and a fix has yet to be included in an update. will be not be staying with quickbooks.
. desktop on line was great had to upgrade to the new online version ,total nightmare can't fined customer statements or customer credit notes etc. very few reports unfortunately have to use the online version due to the new digital vat rules or would just dump it. online chat is as much good as a chocolate teapot. there must be another accountancy package out there that we can transfer all our quickbooks data to. terrible
can't offline book keeping.. it's terrible that you can't add expenses when offline. the app needs internet constantly and that's very frustrating as lots of my business is outside of network. basically the app is useless if you don't have internet!
. doesn't seem to let me login with my google account as i do on the website. not sure how i should login in this case.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be undeveloped for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
. loved the experience.
app, subscription. cannot updat subscription gives error on can’t upload data, now expired, very frustrating need solution
much better. used qbo several years ago and it was horrible. this is a really nice app. good job intuit.
. fast and convenient for recording transactions.
. useless app. waste of money. lousy support. subscribe at your own risk. i am cancelling mine
batman. super friends
invoice and estimates not saving after last update. you will have to delete app. then reinstall then it will save.
love the app but really want the company overview. would give it 5* if i could see the summary view on the app (similar to the web version). i wish it could do everything that the desktop version could do, but i know that isn't always possible.
easy to use. makes accountingonthego very easy for our business. also is very easy to understand how to enterprocess all information.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
really2 great application. i wish i have found this software 8 years back and it can help me save thousand spent on trying many other software
. it won't sync with my account and often won't open. update: after emailing my info to the email they responded with, i never heard back. i also called and was told that they'll work on it and email me. haven't heard yet, maybe next week.
. this is a great app and has been an invaluable tool for me to manage my business. the only draw back i have found is when i tried to use paypal in conjunction with the app. 1) the cost implications and 2) getting the money to my bank account. this is not a quickbooks issue but it just caused me a headache.
this app is a business saver!!!. this is a must app for every business!
. i can't start trial.... coz if i choose company name,it will vanish...
useless. all i want is to do, while i am out and about, is enter my expenses and take a pic of the receipt and sync it. not even close to happening with this app.
where is the expense part of the app?. i want to take a photo of receipts in android app and upload! where is it? my husband can do it from his iphone, but my samsung s4 doesn't have an expense button with the camera etc..,
very handy tool. in small business? you're going to use this app... a lot!
. great app, should let you see vendors as well
great app. very helpful, only complaint is, i would like more features like the desktop version. i would like to be able to get into my online version and accept register transactions, look at taxes that are owed, stuff like that. but over all a huge time saver. and has gotten me out of some tight spots. thank you
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
would be great if it worked like it should. i keep getting error message 6000 when trying to save a new client on my ipad not sure what the heck that is but can't find anything online that discusses it.
purchase orders. why are there no purchase orders in the app? surely you should have same main capabilities as using full system.
excellent. excellent app
. i'm very disappointed with this app. plus i'm trying to cancel the service but i don't see were to unsubscribe. 😡
buyer beware crash instantly on iphone 6. this app works sometimes but it will instantly crash and doesn't operate properly on my iphone 6 running the latest iphone software. i tried removing and reinstalling but it still doesn't work properly. why don't you guys fix this? also, it annoyingly downloads company info every time you open it which takes what seems like hours. i have a very small landscape business. should this be the case? come on intuit! get your act together
exelent. nice app
. use qbo daily. this so is nice for quick lookups but is not fully functioning as qbo.
. on the android version i can't go back farther than 12 months to view invoices. also adding discounts are not easy, so there is a delay in sending invoices until i get to my computer.
great app... needs some work.. there’s no way to record a sale without attaching a customer to it. also, there’s really not a place in the app to keep a ledger. if it had these 2 things, it would get 5 stars from me, but as it stands i give it 4.
it was barely ok to start with!. i had used quickbooks for several years and then went to the online version. i liked the features it had, but really didn’t like the 600.00 a year fee. for the most part it worked, but never all of the time. then when they raised the subscription price to 720.00 a year, that was it. i said good bye and found another program. no regrets!
. it was introduced by friend. i want to purchase and before that i want to have trial. i couldn't find inventory management there, there is no purchase entry. without entering purchase how can run a trading business?.
. well after the experience so far it's great when i need to merge all apps at home then i can rate better. customer service has been just awesome so far. thanks it makes tracking expenses easy as taking a picture and putting the irs info in.
hate this app. waste of data & time too
. takes a lot of youtube to learn how to use the app but i love it!
. just started using this app and i'm loving it
. doesn't have my back in its list, so it's useless. i've cancelled my subscription. when i contacted support, they were obsessed with my subscription, rather than the actual issue.
. quickbooks has made it much easier to run my small business and create invoices on the go!
. great app. no issues
limited. not much functionality compared with the desktop app, frustrating. unable to access banking or create bills.
a1. great saves money time talks to my accountant, does estimates, converts to invoice simple
. really helpful app for managing our church finances int the go! very easy to use and gives me most tools i need to get the job done when i'm not at my computer. highly recommended.
a good idea but not very useful yet. there is not access to the important online reports. there is no access to fx transactions or accounts in a foreign currency. i live overseas and bill my clients in us dollars and as such have no access to client information or us dollars sales and accounts. if the app mirrored the online program it would be great but it doesnt!!
. great app! the ability to update my account regesters on the go would make it a 5 star app.
. love to be available to quote, inovice, charge, see my clients, etc. on the go. i just have a few times that wasn't available to log in but overall good app
. invoicing only works when it feels like. app is very hard to navigate. half the tools i have to log in to my computer and do on the desktop version. very dissatisfied and will be cancelling this service soon as i find a better alternative.
making our life much easier. this has made running 2 small companies so much easier. the product was recommended by our accountant and has made our accounting faster, simpler and hassle free. highly recommended.
not working properly after update #2. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. my books don't match from my phone to my computer. the pin still doesn't work, every time i edited an invoice it magically created a copy of an invoice that showed up 2 days later. now i have a ton of clean up to do in my books. it's time for me to find new accounting software.
why use the app when you it lacks the features of the website. you can’t change the status of in invoice on the app and must be done online only. this is a major flaw in the app. once i do my taxes i will no longer be using quick books, because of the enforced complexity the system is rendered mostly useless. the app needs to have complete functionality of the site.
business owner. qb app is so hard to use and is different on every device. if you lose connection while creating an estimateinvoice etc. you will lose all info imputed and have to reenter everything again
great app. first time running a business and this is everything i need i love it
luv it!. have been using quickbooks for many many years. have loved it from the beginning. i am now enjoying the online version even more. has been a wonderful addition for me and all of my clients. has made travel so much easier for my clients to still be able to keep tabs on their businesses. strongly recommend!
review. everything is great but the inability to create packing slips from the app. kind of a key part of doing business...
great app!. for a business that is always on the go this is an awesome app! i love that i can work anywhere!
problems. what my bookkeeper is finding is payments being applied to the wrong invoices. it’s really messed things up. from the checks being deposited from my bank. also, for some reason my quickbooks is duplicating invoices. i will have to erase the app and download again.
. doesn't have my back in its list, so it's useless. i've cancelled my subscription. when i contacted support, they were obsessed with my subscription, rather than the actual issue.
great app if it worked.. this app was really promising at first, but now it seems like i consistently have issues with chase bank accounts and american express accounts updating. it’s monday and sine thursday my alchase accounts say they are updated when they are not and my amex continuously has error connections. and then u call customer service and they ask you if you called amex to see why there was a connection problem. a shame.
inventory & stock control. where do i find the inventory & stock control feature to invoice stock to the customer! is there a warehouse feature because my stock is also kept in different locations!
. love doing invoices and estimates right on the phone
can't invoice to job address. no good
owner. online is getting better with each update still has a few more options i would to able to perform from mobile and laptop being using qbooks for 11 yr
fast and efficient time saver. works a treat across all my devices, keeps my accounts up to date and all invoices issued in a timely manner
. nothing ever works on the app can't create invoicescant add products it's useless
. the platform itself is perfect. but the app needs improvement. can't add things link owner's capital.
not quite what i'm looking for. after the invoice2go update disaster, i read a lot of good things about this app. sadly it fell short of expectation as i was unable to change the invoice number, which i would think was a pretty basic requirement. advice on the internet seems to relate to an older version of the app as the information did not relate to what was on the screen. i won't be utilising my free trial, nor will i be subscribing.
"enjoying quickbooks online. easy to use interface and they are frequently updating features. my only complaint is that sometimes when searching for sent invoices it won't recognize, for example 74, when it's ""invoice 2015074"""
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
can't save an invoice since update.. please fix asap. i use to use this app everyday and now i can't. i love quickbooks but this is bad!!
. app wont log in to my samsung phone, tried a number of different things including deleting data and cache as well as uninstallinstalling it. i know my account is fine because it works on my apple phonecomputer with no issues. please help!
so far so good.. i spent about nine or 10 hours trying to get my quickbooks program converted over to my mobile phone from my desktop after speaking with someone that barely spoke any english for six or seven hours i was told to call back the following day because they could not figure out what i needed to get done when i called back the next day thank god someone that spoke english answered and i had my problem resolved in about 20 minutes.
. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program. the app on a mobile device doesn't even open. it says sync problem. it's been days since i logged into the app. always problems with this company. the app is terrible.....
. auto mileage tracker not working despite being set to do so. need to add starting and ending mileage and let the app calculate distance.
essential sme tackle. intuit recently upped their game quite dramatically with the reworked online interface, which is extremely slick and intuitive (no pun!)... or at least as intuitive as double entry accounting software can be for the layman... if they added the ability to set different product pricing structures for different customers and a decent cash flow projection tool, i reckon i could justifiable give it five stars.
so easy. this app makes it so easy to print invoices for my clients on the go! also cuts down on time that i have to sit at my desk at home and allows more time with family. great app.
pace trailer repair. qbo
limited. every business owners wants to get to the bank registers fast...like the first thing! for some reason qbonline developers have not created a simple way to customize your home page so you can do this.
convenient but with glitches. while adding transactions from bank register, transactions get duplicated and doubled.
. i travel for work and this app is awesome. i can write and email estimates, invoices, and recieve payments on the fly. it makes my life way easier.
mobile use. a dream from the desktop days. send my small business invoices on the go makes going home a time to relax instead of paper work.
. we have a landscape business and this app is able to keep me up to date and current between sites. at the end of our day all my paperwork is done and current. love this app.
i love this app. i love all of the features it currently has. i wish we had more of the controls we had from our qbo web version. 4616  i love that i can now see my check registers & a few other things have been updated. added the final star!
disappointed. the app on iphone is murch better. this app doesn't enable me to take pictures of recipes. very limited. needs to be more like the iphone app
what the crap?. great, now i won't be able to use qb on my iphone. guess i'll have to carry my laptop with me everywhere ughhhhhh. is this because i'm on 32bit iphone 5? i refuse to upgrade, please make it work again!!! 😫🐳
too many errors to count. i’ve been using mint for years and love it. this software on the other hand is terrible. save yourself the frustration and use anything else.
great and makes things easier. the best thing about quick books is that they have unlimited live customer service to help guide and assist you. that's a real plus to me.
love this app. the app links straight to your computer so you can send quotes, invoices etc on the move. this is a great small business tool at a great price.
je. i would like to see journal entry feature added to the mobile app. i use this app as well as the online version for all of my clients. it would be nice to be able to perform all of the same functions no matter which i choose to use.
. super simple and i love the fact that's it is simple and keeps me on the move
could be better. it's good for entering payments, that's about it. and even that is a stretch because half the time it shows invoices are unpaid in the app while the desktop accurately shows the same invoices as paid.
really needs an easier login. since the last update, logging in is a huge pain. touch id rarely works.fix this.
has potential but still glitches. good functionality but i keep getting an error that an item is no longer valid and that i must refresh my data in settings. but there is no refresh option in settings.
easy to use. look, read a lot of the reviews and people are expecting their own accountant with this program. it does what is needed to keep your finances in order. if you want 4 ,ill ion graphs to impress and be bigger then you are....go hire a team. great product, easy to use, tracks everything for me, keep my books straight, and recommend it to everyone.
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
great app. this app helps tremendously! great work and thank you for making book keeping so simple.
pretty useless. very slow and painful to use, doesn’t let you bank any payments etc. probably only useful for those who wish to produce very basic invoices
easy to use and quick customer service. love this app for my business. makes it easy to keep everything up to date and keeps the books accurate. i recommend it to every business!!
. good app!
. does what i need but could add a few things i love this app. i use it in my barbershop and i like the fact everything is all there whether it is on my tablet, phone or computer. the only other thing i would like to see incorporated into it is the ability to generate paystubs and do payroll then email to employees. but we can't have everything we want. aside from that, fantastic program. keep up the good work.
great!. it is a very useful app however i am doing various kind of trading and i can't find a category that suit my need.
. great accounting app. easy to use and robust.
. sucks keeps saying i have update available but then everytime i try to download the upgrade i get error code 927 saying unable to complete download. with current app it doesn't allow me to look up past invoices. the things i use most are not on mobile app. all i do with it is print current invoices with my wireless eprinter and find customer contact numbers to call them. needs upgrading with more features.
looking for another software. they always have “50% off” that’s just to get you because i have a year with them and it is the 3rd. time they had raised the price ! i’m now looking for another software.
. awesome program. i work in two different accounts in quickbooks. simplifies bookkeeping.
ads and limited features. it’s a hassle to figure out how to say no to the ads without accidentally buying something. that applies to ipad and web version. the ipad has limited features compared to the web version. if you pay for qb online, you will forever be a small business, working for intuit.
crashes no bill of lading. missing two things, send invoices by text message and create bill of lading
. great app. very helpful for my small business.
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
time saver, makes everything simple. thus app saves time and allows for doing simple tasks on the go making my church more accurate and efficient
"love this app. it is so awesome to be able to login to our accounting software and services do an invoice right from the service location we just finished up on... i can actually send a store manager a estimate sheet as a ""what was done  sign off sheet for his record in the case of a corporate billing. i am so glad i chose qb's online..."
. finally, an app that works with every aspect of your business.
. great app & software. very helpful. would be nice to be able to keyword search within all estimatesinvoices.
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
garbage. this app is junk!! support for this app is useless looks like i will be going back to freshbooks, it may not be a accounting solution but at least it works and i can import my info without manually entering. my business doesn't have time for me to spend hours with support when i need to be taking care of my customers ms support
great tool for simple bookkeeping. my business is only income and expenses and cash basis, no inventory, so this tool is great and easy. i do all my book keeping from my phone.
pool guy. quickbooks forced me to update from our quickbooks mobile windows invoicing system to quickbooks mobile with only five days notice. this was very poorly planned by quickbooks and put us in a bind. however the new quickbooks mobile online system is truly fantastic and offers many more powerful features and ease of accessibility. recommendation: this app needs the ability to create a monthly statement that i can email from my phone to my customers. currently i can only do this from a laptop.
i am truly loving this app. been hunting for a simple app for managing the finances of my farm business. this helps me with capturing and analysis of all my expenses and income. the reporting is also amazing. i also love the fact that i can even get more stats and reports via the web. amazing stuff. already introduced it to quite a number of industry colleagues. truly an amazing app
excellent. wonderful tool  has improved use of foreign currency transactions.
. this software is extremely easy to use and worth the subscription. i started my business last october and i have no interest in switching. cheers apollo butler c.e.oowner of hornet waste management.
. great app.
. app hangs all the time, and pain to work with. waste of time
good app. easy to use
helpful. very useful though i see some improvements that could be made.
. very easy to use and really great accounting app
awesome. it saves me so much time. great to keep up with my business accounting. mostly simple to use. some features require a bit of basic accounting knowledge.
. 1720 update  i had used the mobile app for android for quite a long time with no issue and then approximately one month ago after an update the dashboard no longer has any information and is blank. i can still see activity but there's no way to get to customers or any of the other functions. i've emailed previously with no response. previous review: works well for viewing quickbooks info and taking payments
. this app makes it easy to take care of about 95% of my business paperwork
very helpful. this ap has been great with my ipad! being able to enter receipts and attach a photo right from the camera is the best! i love having the ease of bookkeeping on a smaller device that i can take with me everywhere.
what a joke.. if you are moving from qb desktop, think again! there's not even an easy way to just view today's business. no reports in app. useless.
not working properly after update. i just updated the app and now every time i try to edit an invoice it forces me to refresh the invoice and i lose my changes. the pin number does't work, i added it again and made sure it is turned on, but i have to sign in with my username and password each time. it worked perfectly on the last update.
great service. login problems.. live this service. just got a new phone (note 4). cannot login. i get emailpassword error. i've reset my password several times and can login online just fine.
some great functionality some really missing.. i don't understand how i can add a bill from a vendor through the app. and i can't see some really important reports either. two of the big things i would really like to do with mobility.
. very frustrating app to use. as an employee i am required to log my daily hours using quickbooks, the app however won't let me even login to it. i go to login and it gives me a message telling me that i am trying to use an u supported role and it will be fixed in future updates. i have to go through the website which the mobile version is not great to use.
the app needs work. the web based service is great, but the app needs work. the tool i need (journal entries) are not available through this app, so it's not very useful.
great. always easy and concise. great to do my invoices on the road!!
love the software. understanding that all software are more friendly on the actual computer than in the cell app, even though, the cell app is very helpful for invoices, estimates, reminders for payments “on the go” just to mention a couple of them. being an 8 years user from checkmark multiledger and payroll and making the transition to quickbooks is just a huge step forward and very efficient for my firm.
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
mobile glitches... love using quickbooks but i run my business out of town where we are not able to have wifi other than mobile hotspot. using the quickbooks mobile has been convenient but also a p.i.t.a... glitches, closes on its own, logs me out, and sometimes doesn’t save invoicesestimates. has been like this for a while and haven’t had any changes..
. wow. can't even describe how annoyed i am right now. this app is horrible. it wouldn't even allow me to complete the account creation process. i attempted 5 times and no luck, so i'm leaving this review and uninstalling it now. get to work quickbooks, this is disgraceful.
stopped working on samsung galaxy s6. never had a problem with the app till about 3 weeks ago. it stopped working on my samsung galaxy s6 for no reason. i'm a small business that's on the road a lot and need to be able to send invoices on the spot. please fix it.
no pdf attachment. 3 stars as the app only able to upload photo of the invoice, not other format. you need to understand that pdf is much small in size and more practical for mobile upload. as for photo, it is at least 3m nowadays and it took almost 1 min or 2 to finish the upload.please look into it in next upgrade
awesome. very good app
. qbo is great... however, the app sucks! the info on the home page is rarely if ever correct. paid invoices show as still do, p&l info is incorrect compared to what it shows on the website. now i can't edit downloaded transaction to add an image of my receipts. plus, it's no longer showing all of my accounts when i go to categorize a transaction. what the heck happened?!
taking our business to a new level. we have been so happy since we switched to quickbooks online plus! it has allowed us to streamline our invoicing and bookkeeping. our clients love how easy it is to pay invoices online. we love knowing we've received payment for each cleaning performed! qb customer service is excellent.
easy to navigate. mobile freedom. makes it super easy to stay on top of business while always on the go.
electrician. this is app for business
. great app, love throwing away receipts just take a picture of the expense, document it, and bam, you're done.
works great. works great for my small business. not sure why there are bad reviews, qbo keeps up with my customers information, invoices, and estimates. very easy to use. now on this last update, i did have to uninstall and reinstall on my andriod phone, but within 5 minutes i was back up and running.
brilliant. means that i can do my invoices on the run. all done by the time i get home.
. great app
not working after ios13 update. updated to apples latest software and this app stopped working
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
a solid program. i like the idea of this application being online because many of my accounts can be updated asap.
recurring payments.. i really wish i could set up recurring payments from the app and also delete invoices
good app.
app issue. i've been using the quickbooks app for over 6 months and it worked fine. now, for the past week the app will not let me access my company data or the data is incorrect after multiple reinstalls. this is very aggravating and qb's customer support stated it's an ios issue. please correct this issue asap. thank you
. great app
. for running my little business and sending invoices on the fly its great!
easy to use and keeps me updated. works great on my s4.
great app. qbo is a fantastic app for small business. it makes balancing the books easy and less time consuming than the old paper method. it syncs with your business accounts making the job of keeping track of your business accounts easy. you can get a snapshot of your business's finances, balance sheet, p & l from the report tab on the app.
absolutely great  speechless. i can't believe that qb has gone this forward in app. really impressed with the features specially reconciling bank through app. what a great feature. very efficient  100% from me.
qb online. absolutely perfect i've been using the qb app and this is exactly what i've been looking for i'm a painting contractor and this app is going to make it easy for me. if you are a qb user it's a must get
. good app, making it easier for me to work on the road.
ios 13 and later app crashes. the app works well prior to ios 13.0 when opened in an iphone running ios 13 later, the app crashes after faceid login.
. je ne sais pas je connais pas encor
quickbooks. i like that everything is so easy to see and that i can reconcile for a phone app it's great!!
. very close to cancelling my subscription as app doesn't work. after adding 45 receipts i get an error message that my request cannot be added and i should call customer support. have tried reinstalling clearing cache signing out and nothing works permanently very frustrated
. unfriendly interface need to load inventory data on invoice costs profits etc no facility
. easy to use. great app
awesome..... this app is awesome...
doesn’t work. i have an iphone 8 and all of a sudden this app stops working. i call quickbooks and they can’t fix it. they closed the case in one day. don’t walk away from this company, run away.
. worst app ever. unsubscribed after week as the app wasn't what i needed. charged anyway after unsubscribe. tried to reach customer service by chat, the chat keeps disappearing until the moment that doesn't work at all. horrible
. the app does awesome it keeps me organized and constantly lets me know what i'm spending my money on. it has helped me better manage my money
. very user friendly and professional. huge asset to my small business.
simple and magnificent. love it. that is all. 😀
so far so good.. love the app. i think it's great any time i can give an estimate, invoice on the road. thanks.
. first thing i try to do with it and it crashes. crashed 3 times in as many minutes just trying to link an account. garbage
. was working for a couple months. now i can longer link to my bank account and the app constantly freezes with either a blank screen or white screen. completely useless..
great app. need this so bad
useless keeps crashing.. totally useless, cannot open as it keeps crashing, one of the key reasons of subscribing to online quickbooks will be cancelling tomorrow and going elsewhere.
small biz owner. i can't function without this app. perfect for the owner on wheels and phones constantly.
can't update credit card. i don't have access to a computer with chrome, they don't support ie 8 anymore so i can't update my credit card. so i download the app to see that my account is suspended due to wrong expiration date on my credit card but you can't update in the app. this blows and is useless
. good app, has some minor flaws but does work in a pinch when your out on the road and need to do a quick invoice
so far. i like the app, the only problem is i can't add my income i can't figure out how on my android please help, so i can give it 5 stars
was great but can't add expense. i used this app all the time yet now i can't add expenses and take a photo of receipt. something has changed help intuit.
crashes. app crashes every time i'm using a lg g5 emailed support for help 3 weeks ago no response.sent response never heard back.
. brilliant app excellent app. could do more but does enough. better than rest out there but not the best it could be.
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go and how it syncs with quickbooks online.
. great app
. great app
quickbooks app. great, convenience of creating, editing and sending invoices and adding customers, payments or expenses
very useful!. great functionality!
actually professional now. i was using word to create invoices, then excel to keep track of when they were paid. now it's all done in one place and even sends a professional looking invoice to my clients! i should've moved to quick books long ago!
. just unistalled and reinstalled the app hopefully it is going to work. after doing over 70 invoices it stopped working dashboard showed blank 😕
. it's a great apps. but we should have option to add vehicle expenses as kmml spent like self employed apps !!!!
. great app. so convenient from my phone
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the productservice. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
. really easy to use. highly recommended. would like to see payroll either included or developed separatelylinked.
excellent for the it service provider. as an it service provider, this app allows me to log my hours and mileage in the field. i can even email customer invoices immediately after services are performed. this is, of course, paired with quickbooks online plus, which allows you to log hours per customer. highly recommended!!
. horrible
not support for iphone xs max. i tried to use for invoice purpose but always pop out and can’t use
. have had an issue with sending invoices through my app for the last 3 days. even after several calls and emails no one can tell me when this will be rectified. poor support and unorganized for such a large company.
beautifully done. i have recently made the switch from quickbooks desktop to quickbooks online and this app gives me more than i could ever need when i am out meeting with clients!
. very user friendly
. cant send invoices via email like we used to. needs work. it really put us in a bad spot.
. i have tried the thrial for my buisness and found it projected profits higher than actual and expenses that didn't match up regardless to synching it to accounts like square or my bank. if this is the trial then im not sold. if i had turned this apps inaccurate projections into the irs they'd audit the hell out of me. ill stick to good old fashion analog style accounting thank you.
excellent on ipad, good on iphone. i use this app on my ipad and iphone, it's pretty good on the iphone but it's darned good on the ipad. hopefully they will develop more features on both over time as it's still not a total replacement for the web browser version.
. very user friendly and accessible
great little app, controls most bookkeeping chores saving my time and legal requirements.. just a great app for keeping track of your debtors, creditors and making the calculating of bas and payroll liabilities a breeze.
. easy to use.i make work much easier. however, i cant enter a supplier bill. only as an expence
. good support so far, big program, lots of tools.
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol. why do you keep trying to fix what isn't broken.
. love the app, makes running my business so much easier.
fantastic software !. currently in a middle of a building site, sending clients invoice & estimates. now my time is my own this evening ! couldn’t do with out it .
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck. *tried clearing data, same issue."
ipad. does not work with ipad pro screen that well
nice. nice app but when you have to select item then you have to type whole item code, before update you just type last 23 words and it's there.
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
great app. excellent service and addition to the qb online software
. brilliant app, very easy to use even for beginners. also has great customer support for your problems and queries.
hvac. allows me to estimate, invoice and collect right on site. i don't need all the extra reports payroll, not as this point. so great for my company.
not sure yet. too early to rate this app. only second time me using it. ill check back in a couple of months with a more thought out opinion.
. the creator of this app is a known sex offender
. this is the best and easiest ap to use if your a small business like mine. i can easily create and get paid for invoices on the jobs and not wait till i get to the office. love it!!
"awful app... can't even sign in. migrating to qb online so thought app would be great.. wrong! app won't sign in and reports 'communications error' in addition, it's not compatible with my 8"" tablet running android 5x  come on intuit  sort it out"
. the app is fantastic everything works well little exhausting to set accounts and banking but once everything is done and working it's very efficient and my customers can get their invoices very quickly plus in my electrical construction business.
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
great program. i use quickbooks on a daily basis, would recommend to any small business.
easy and userfriendly always available. i've only worked with quickbooks desktop version. so far i have been using this for a week it allows me to do invoices on the fly. and i can check my staff input at any time, very handy would recommend to anyone. especially small business!
great way to keep up with small business book keeping. in previous years, with my software based quickbooks, i ended up doing most of my neglected books once a year for tax times. with this i do an update on a daily bases and will have do just a little detailing come years end.
no invoices. not very useful.
update killed app for me!. used to love this app as i’m a paid subscriber, but the recent update doesn’t launch anymore. i’ve tried removing and reinstalling same result. iphone x.
o melhor!. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
updates. need more updates on the apps because i always have to go to my laptop to do certain things not like in that
. don't fill up your information for free trial it's easy to set up for free trial. they doesn't have options in app for unsubscribe your free trial. you have to reach them every day for unsubscribe your free trial. if you not satisfied from app then start call them before 5days, they will not answer your call till your free trial not get expired. be careful before you sign up.
more of a headache than a help. registered online, used same login info for the app, and the app says it's a free trial. online service not communicating well with app and i was hoping to use the app most of the time. sigh.
excellent. love this app!!
business owner must have. great app to work on the go. create, modify and email invoices. keep track of anything financial on your handheld device. fully automated office on the go for the busy self employed entrepreneur.
great, just like the web app. love to have these tools handy. recommended.
developors don’t use the program. it’s obvious that most ratereview apps start at 5 stars and work down instead of working at 3 which most people would consider average. given that i would say it’s a 3 at best since those that write the program don’t actually use it and like most developers use the customer as the guinea pigs.
what did you do?. after the update today i can no longer enter pavements? and my ipad version no longer syncs with my updated info from my phone?! fix it!!!!
exactly what i need. the app combined with the online system does exactly what i need it to do. i can invoice clients as soon as i've left their premises, no more trying to keep a record and doing the paperwork later. invoice matching and bank data feeds make reconciliation so easy. this has reduced the amount of time i spend on my accounts significantly. goodbye sage, hello qb online. happy customer.
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
. ne fonctionne plus depuis hier
. this app has too many glitches
#1. the only business app i'll ever need...thank you!
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
. for a mobile business this app works great
login error. useless if you can't even trust it to login properly.
. very close to cancelling my subscription as app doesn't work. after adding 45 receipts i get an error message that my request cannot be added and i should call customer support. have tried reinstalling clearing cache signing out and nothing works permanently very frustrated
useless!. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. mobile apps for ios and android sucks big time!
best business app!!!. i love using qb for my small business. love the auto reconciliation. professional looking quotes and invoices. it's amazing!!!!
best app ever!. i run my whole totally green business from my 📱all because of this app. it makes business seem so easy!
"qué pasa?. la aplicación simplemente dejo de funcionar. óptimo el icono, ""abre"" y se cierra de inmediato. desinstalarlo e instalé, y el problema continúa. solucionen, es una herramienta de trabajo!"
glitchy. only problem is if you’re doing a live estimate or invoice, if your screen goes idle this app makes you log in again and you lose all the information you’ve typed in. super annoying especially when you’re measuring out a house or doing a walk through with a client and entering information as you go.
the best app out there by far. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far. every update includes a very useful useable option. 👌🏽👌🏽
new to quickbooks. i decided to switch my established business from square to quickbooks and so far i have no complaints. it’s fairly easy to use. the only thing i’m currently waiting on is for my transactions to clear and be deposited which takes about a week since i’m new. should be a breeze after that.
. easy to use and simple to edit
. why doesn't this app work at all on my samsung?? its saying it can't be supported.
doesn’t seem to work very well. every time i open the app it says some of my qb data couldn’t be loaded and that i should pull down on the screen to refresh. i try refreshing but the message never goes away and i never get that data...
great app. easy to record my receipts, but in all honesty that's all i've used it for so far.
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
almost useless. the app is good for sending invoices only. don't expect to be able to do any other business on the app. the mobile site is about as good as healthcare.gov. you can look at some things but forget everything else. again good for sending invoices only. i expected more from a established company.
great app!!. this is a fine app, help me to run my business on the go.
great job. great app! great for my graphic design business!
. service sucks.
. this is by far the worst app i have ever used words can not explane how usless this app really is do not i repeat do not wast your time with the garbage
. quickbooks has made it easier for me to streamline my work load so i spend less time in my office and more time on the job site.
easy to use. easy to learn and use. nice to set up. help is always there if needed.
awful. doesn't work.. logs me out instantly every time i sign in... wish i could evaluate more. love the online version, but this app is struggling.
great app. it works great
more of a headache than a help. registered online, used same login info for the app, and the app says it's a free trial. online service not communicating well with app and i was hoping to use the app most of the time. sigh.
i can't look up pertinent information. i can't look up pertinent information on the go while i am meeting with clients, such as a yearly sales history. doesn't do much good for the small business owner. definitely not worth paying so much money for an app that has no functionality in the field.
not good. crashes often; slow; give frequent error messages.
too many errors to count. i’ve been using mint for years and love it. this software on the other hand is terrible. save yourself the frustration and use anything else.
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent"
can't live without it. i don't know how i did business before this app. i love that i can access my company books anywhere. i love the way i can take a photo of the receipts for my expenses. thank you qb!
we are using this with the construction side of our business and so far the customer service has been wonderful. there are things missing or not working but customer service had said they are working on getting them added or fixed. makes it really easy for our employees in the field to create invoices and send them to clients as well as receive payments. will change to five stars when missing components are added.
awesome. it saves me so much time. great to keep up with my business accounting. mostly simple to use. some features require a bit of basic accounting knowledge.
quickbooks. great app tool.
new receipt feature not properly tested!. this new receipt photo feature is terrible. it captures about half the receipt every time! fix it, and test your changes before releasing them. a massive step back.
. great app
. more user friendly and flexible than sage
"buggy, issues with sync. for some reason this app is constantly having connection issues for me. i get messages like ""transaction not accepted"". then i have to log into the desktop version to actually do the work. ok for a glance but not useful for productivity."
good app. vendors application must be updated.
. nexus 10 getting better with every update.
. perfect app for small businesses onthego!
. great app , looking forward to getting the full version.
bad update. last update renders the app useless
. first of all i want to say that qb online is the best accounting software.unfortunatelly the app crashes on samsung s8 oreo.hope this will be fixt soon as is a shame,beeying such a great software.
great app, continues to get better. best decision i ever made for my business was moving to qb online. saves a ton of time being able to conduct business on the fly.
. i have tried the thrial for my buisness and found it projected profits higher than actual and expenses that didn't match up regardless to synching it to accounts like square or my bank. if this is the trial then im not sold. if i had turned this apps inaccurate projections into the irs they'd audit the hell out of me. ill stick to good old fashion analog style accounting thank you.
quickbooks online is a nightmare!. big mistake. if you are considering quickbooks online talk to some bookkeepers first or you may find yourself doing the books because so many of them refuse to work with the online version. once you upload your data to the online version there is no way of downloading the data to go back to regular quickbooks! as for the app, well it's as frustrating as as the online program.
. this app is honestly magnificent. it helps me balance my checkbook. helps me track expenses and send invoices. it's honestly a must.
serious billing issues.. the app started out wonderful. i could do anything i needed on the fly, then my monthly renewal came along. my card had expired, so i had to update my info and resubmit, not a big deal. it has been 8 days and they say they can't do anything about it, except convert me over to intuit billing, which is almost $10 more a month. i would not recommend using this until they get things figured out with apple billing.
great app really does work for my business. really easy to do my accounts and invoices.
great app. accounting on the go!. ahh my favorite part of the day just got a whole lot easier. this app lets you track you individual transactions on the fly. it also lets you categorize and itemize expenses. if you like neat books and your on your phone a lot this app makes things easy. it's free so just try it out.
great app but missing some key functions. i've used qb online for a year now and its a great service. the app allows me to invoice and record pymts immediately, however i cant seem to enter expenses. if i could do that it would get 5 stars.
. scammers!!!! worst mistake you can make! this company is a bunch of scammers. i used this service for about a week and found that i can't stand it, so i canceled over a year ago. my credit card still gets charged 40 bucks every month. i've got my credit card company involved and everything. this company sucks!!!
does not work. cannot trust any invoices under clients or vendorsall are bad. only thing it can be used for is to take a photo of a receipt and add it to a vendors account. can make up an estimate in the field otherwise it is terrible
. i am not happy they changed my mailing address in my invoices with out my authorization. my payments are been delay. not happy with them right now
works but needs work. for the most part the product works, but has many errors and sometimes says there are errors but they are never fixed, i run the lasted ios on an iphone 6 and still have many problems
. access is unreliable. i've had to reinstall several times. for the cost, this is unacceptable.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
. apps bad after last update... you can't easily see invoice and or estimate amount anymore, you have to click each invoice & estimate to see numbers... i will be changing program's soon if not fixed.... we need to be able to easily scroll up and down the hundreds of open invoices and see where things are, not open each invoice to get information... way to timeconsuming... can't screenshot what's going on because the update before prohibits this now.... please devs fix
. amazing app ever!!
. excellently great app
works well on samsung note 2 & 4. i used the app mainly to create invoices when i'm out of the office. it's so awesome to be able to do this on the fly!
. awesome app makes life simple for small businesses
iphone 7. ios 12.2. the app was okay with its limits. but now it won’t even open my company profile.
. it has been 6 days and i still have not had my money deposited to my bank. oh and it is the day before thanksgiving. this is complete bs. negative stars. i need my money now. you guys should be embarrassed... 6 days and still not deposited. your customer service center lied to me and said it would be there...
. this company is a joke they will not allow hempbased transactions it is preventing my freedom of doing business the fed has mandated banks take money on hemp transactions
a whole new level of deluxe. this has taken our construction company to the next level. the reporting, receipt feature and ease of use has made it simple to track p and l of each job
excellente app!. excellent app!
. best app
iphone app is the worst. the iphone app doesn't work. their customer service people admitted it doesn't work. don't even try to use it  too frustrating and a big waste of time. online version and ipad versions are good but too limited for price  reports can't compare year over year
qb app is awsome. i really like the options on the app. makes my business easy to run
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
the best app ever. now we can run our business with this app.very convenient and easy to use.
no support for canadian tax system. intuit's quickbooks for web does not support the canadian tax system. not sure why this app is appearing in the canadian app store.
it's great. enjoy this app
. does not support in india
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
. i can't use this app at all because it will not sync to my bank. not the app or any of the services offered. i'm trying to cancel all of my subscriptions and services and it seems impossible to do. directions for canceling do not work. i have yet to see any cancellation choices in any drop down menus. i'm paying for services that i can not use and unable to cancel which is a scam.
. i love it on my phone . but on my tablet it's slow and says non responsive a lot.
quickbooks. quickbooks has been absolutely amazing overall. main issue is customer service and their ability to provide customer support for the app. i was required to ph 3 different numbers, one being out of service. once i finally spoke to csr he was extremely friendly but did state they haven’t been provided proper training to assist with app related issues but would do his best to help. i would upgrade to 4 or 5 stars if they provide a user friendly option for support.
. i keep getting a error that says unable to view payment because it includes finance charges. very frustrating when you can't view invoices.
easy to use!. a 5 yr old with a lemonade stand could run this application. it is very useful and easy to get things done. such a great tool to keep track of your business
can't create new invoice. very troublesome considering this was an app i raved to people about its efficiency yet now i can't even create a new invoice and earn money... just paid for premium too. very disappointed and would like my money back for each day the app is rendered useless.
no complaints!!!. 👍👍👍👍the first business app ever that i'm unable to find anything wrong with. my boss & i love it. it's incredible how close this app comes to the qbo full website in terms of what we're able to access and accomplish using it. leaves all competitors in the dust. keep up the good work qbo!!!
nice app but not fixing known issues. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts. this has been going on for months and quickbooks knows about it and doesn't fix it.
. great customers support
must have for small business. i love the app is easy to use and easy to monitor business finances
"excellent for my small business. works great on my lg g2. record keeping is considerably less time consuming and easier. love the function of taking a picture of recipts and uploading. sending customers professional looking invoices on the spot from my phone and offering the option to ""pay now"" is awesome! good job!"
. the app does not work on any android tablet. works on my android phone but, not on any of my four tablets. will be cancelling our subscription if not fixed soon.
please make it work with desk top. great app wish it worked with the desk top version
worst application on the planet. i think quickbooks itself as a company intuit. needs to reevaluate their customer service as well as their applications. nothing from them ever seems to work properly nor will you ever get anybody on the phone who knows how to use the software. i would strongly recommend another piece of software don't waste your time with this crap
fantastic software.. i'm very satisfied with the quickbooks software
. it does, what i needed to do
meh, no project profitability reports in the app. as a construction business all our accounting revolves around p&l reports per project. the onlinedesktop app gives us the project report but the app does not, which makes the app pretty much useless. our best solution is to login to our qbo account through safari on the phone to see the real time project profitability, shouldn’t the app do that?
brian peterson remodel. great app. wish i could attach pictures to estimates and invoices using my mobile app.
what a joke!. quick books “backing you” is their slogan, should be backing themselves. only want your data and money. the so called “free trial is another scam.
so amazing!!!!!. this has made my life so easy with estimates and invoicing.
. this app isn't ready for primetime. used to work better. the reconciliation doesn't work if you need to hit the back button on any transaction no matter how many you approve before it. completely frustrating and gets worse with time.
. it's great being able to update invoices on site with customers right there to make sure they understand charges and such!
. great app, easy to use, very helpful to track your expenses
. nice program to help me manage my sales.
employees?. i can access my payroll and employees online, but not on the app.. am i missing something?
fantastic for when you’re on the move. this app has really helped me operate more efficiently from a mobile office. the ability to quickly and easily produce quotes and invoices from my ipad has been extremely useful. the app isn’t as fully featured as its desktop counterpart but it does enough to suit my needs, whilst i’m on the move. i’m running this app on a 10.5 ipad pro and it has been flawless.
excellent for businesses in the go!. quickbooks is easy to use and the app allows me to create transactions, view balances and customer information wherever i am. i also love that i can take a photo of a receipt and categorize it on the go.
simple but robust.. with a great user interface connecting with the larger data and programme, i’m impressed by the elegant and obviously intentional design. when i look at my phone, i’m looking at exactly the kind of information that i would need on the go. very good design work by these guys.
good app.. appreciate improvements made over the years. would prefer ability to create and edit invoices in detail.
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, doesn't handle banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
. awesome ,app way to go. definitely worth the money with the latest updates and great customer service!!! a big big thank you to the great quick books team, the best in the business :)
just about there.. for a small business the app makes on the go entries easy. saves me a lot of time when i'm next at the pc. i have issues with some functionality of the software that missed the port from desktop to cloud.
ios 13 crashing. app crashing after password screen , ios 13 is not compatible with this app at present , considering the amount my company pays for quickbooks i’m disappointed to say the least .
. i am having trouble getting on my mobile app keep getting errors i have spoke with intuit help to no avail
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
no employee section. this app contains nothing to help your employees, only the business manager. quick books could’ve at least added support for timesheets and such since they no longer allow you to save your timesheet in mobile browsers.
. 92019 i gave it 3 stars because it's ok. it serves its purpose. i'm now disturbed because my monthly fee was $9.99. the month of september  i was billed $19.99. why?? if this is the case...i'm deleting this app. now i feel as if you're stealing from me! 10819 yep...i'm done. $19.99 a month is too steep for my pockets. effective december 31st, i have to say good bye.
. very good app. make invoices in a snap.
it's better but still missing few essentials. why are we unable to create bill. one would assume if we can create an invoice we should be able to create a bill as well
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
. it takes a bit to get used to but once you know how to navigate it is great!
. awesome book keeping app.
negative stars  if possible. i find it amazing intuit promotes such an obvious clunker. why don't they just buy square and tie that in  or at least imitate it. intuit is lost when it comes to transactional businesses. at any rate  as almost all users point out here  this app is useless and should be an embarrassment to intuits development team.
pretty good could be great. this ties in nicely with the desktop version. it's not 5* purely because of the actual software not the app itself. the customising of the invoice isn't great and adding previous invoices when you first start isn't great but if you're not worried about that it works well!
would be great if…. this app would really be a great app if it woukd have all the functions as on the pc. for exsample i wanted to issue an invoice with a different currency, and the app blocked it and sent me to the pc. so for what is this app good if we have to go to the pc for almost each transaction?
great tool for those on the go!. while there is a lot of functionality missing that would make this app even more convenient, what it does offer is a tremendous help while on the go. from creating invoices to recording expenses to seeing your p&l and balance sheet, this app is a great tool and extremely easy to use!
. i use this app for my small business, and it's fantastic everything i need and then some. all in an affordable package,and it's simple to use also.
problems. what my bookkeeper is finding is payments being applied to the wrong invoices. it’s really messed things up. from the checks being deposited from my bank. also, for some reason my quickbooks is duplicating invoices. i will have to erase the app and download again.
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
business solutions made simple. it's really great to have such an app to manage the business. the best part is linking the bank account with the quickbooks gives the brilliant touch of managing accounts easily. it's been more than 6 months since i started using. one suggestion is that if they could add the birthday remainders that would be great. recommended for start ups and pioneers.
seabreeze sealants. awesome app, makes running our business quick & easy in all aspects, we are able to stay in control of cash flow and invoices. highly recommend 👌🤙
timed out messages. keep getting timed out error messages for 2 hours now as soon as i get logged in. not what a business owner needs to have on a monday! get this problem solved to help your customers be able to work!
app crashes on ios 9 and ios 10. when i click on support it takes you to a web page that also does not work properly. do you have email support ?
. love it!! you cannot operate all the functions of normal qb online but sending invoices and recieving payment are very easy. i never forget to send an invoice anymore. the minute the service is complete, my guys send me a message and i send the invoice right from my smart phone. highly recommended for any business that provides mobile services.
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
logs me off all the time. app is constantly requires entering password even with touchid enabled. not sure what the point of touchid is if a password is required
great app. far easier to use than desktop quickbooks. great software
. excellent! this app gives me so much onthego functionality for running my business  it's perfect!
. error message when i try to log in on my tablet. customer service offers little assistance after a long time on hold. this experience makes accounting for my small business even more unbearable. (update 11418): i dropped the review down to one star (from 2) because the error message is yet to be resolved on my tablet, three months later, and qb has increased the cost of their simple start plan by 30%. lame.
good start, needs more. nice gui, great start to all potentialy great tool for business. the app needs more options than just customer billing. thats half of a business. i want to be able to log expenses like fuel, tool rentals, etc via the mobile app as i make those purchases.
great app. this does everything i need it to do!
bo. very happy with qbo
great product. thanks to my accountant which recommended me to get this. highly recommends to anyone who is more small to medium businesses where we can invoice on the go
if i didn't have to use it, i wouldn't. constant interruptions for surveys, having to log back in. nearly impossible just to use it...
david. brilliant i would highly recommend to anyone 10 out of 10. certainly made my life and running my small business easier. well done and many thanks quickbooks
. great app helps my business run smooth and never miss invoices
first class. really a great app makes life easier
grateful for this software. i have an easy time figuring it out. overall i like this app. thanks would like to have a few other features like an easy way to delete mistakes. 102014. the customer support and tech support is awesone! fast, accurate and efficient! thank you.
needs more estimate print fields options. need to be able to print estimates & invoices showing 'only' discounted net prices for the line items. my customers hate that they have to do the math for each line. otherwise, this is awesome. thank you intuit for everything you do!
zero stars if possible. i login successfully on pc but using same info i get error message saying i don't have an account. if there's no mobile app access, i wish my boss didn't require me to use quickbooks online. the desktop version + go to my pc worked fine.
credit card interface is awesome. i know all apps aren't perfect, but this one does everything i need. i'm so happy when i can set up a new client, invoice and receive payment immediately! this has really improved my cash flow!
. i have much more to learn but it has met all of my needs after 3 months making the accounting easy.
. i use this app for my pest control business. it has some ups and downs but overall it's easy to use and a great product at a great price.
. really like being able to send invoices and estimates out in the field.
. the app is great. the only thing is the monthly price continues to go up.
. this has to be the worst app going zero customer support constantly lied too been trying for 3 weeks to send an invoice and they don't care as long as you keep paying absolute rip off...not far from being a scam spoke to managers about problems and still nothing done do don't waste your time or money...try any other program or stick to pen and paper far better and less stressful
. i love this app easy to track expenses.
i like it. best app for your small business
appreciated. great app, looking forward for same features as of website!
. love this app
. good but receipt scanning needs to be like the self employed app, if possible. do that and 5 stars for def
where is the payroll functionality?!?!. the app seems to intentionally not include payroll functionality, that’s what i need most! f
app like. blue
great app. this app has been a big help. flawless!!!!
iphone x needs ui adjustments. the “accept” button at the bottom of banking transactions is on top of the “home bar” on iphone x please fix the ui so that there aren’t any usability issues on iphone x
fantastic accounting app. i love that this allows me the freedom to work and to monitor my accountant's progress on the go. it's extremely user friendly and easy to use. many features save tons of time on simple book keeping tasks. smashes traditional softwares like ubs and myob into the dust!
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
. great app, very ready to track income and expenses. making and tracking invoices is so easy even easier then on the computer, reports and everything is really easy to access and track.
not bad. i like it. quickly to make and send invoices. the worst problem is not possible to transfer data. need small improvements ..
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
can't get anything!. i use qb at home and this app does not bring up any information that is needed. very frustrating when on the go. please fix!!!
. good app.
great app. keeps my business organized
essential to running my business. this app is very helpful, highly recommended
helpful. while not a fully functioning mobile version of qbo, this app is great for checking up on things.
ridiculous omission. i can not believe that with all of the updates that you still can not create a purchase order with this app. ridiculous.
. i have 2 quickbooks online accounts. not only does the login not even process half of the time, my accounts from one company show up under the other. if you're looking to move to quickbooks online for the mobile app you're going to have to wait. af far as bug fixes go, this has been going on for at least 10 months now so i'm not holding my breath.
amazing app!!!!. love quickbooks and also the app. excellent layout design. just one thing is needed. please allow the app to support touchid for the login process. this would be just the best update ever! thanks
great app!. an awesome compliment to the web version. addition of balance sheet would be beneficial. cheers!
. like the app. interface is great. would like to see an charge option for customers, so i can tally up customer's account over the course of a month and bill at the end for my lawn care business.
". i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it."
. very effective app fkr my business, just starting to link in with using receipt bank to auto match the bills. happy recommend for small business, would ve nice to have mileage part of the self employed version included too.
"keep getting ""session expired"" message with every log in attempt. completely makes the app nonfunctional for on the go business. critical flaw! please fix it!! oh, and the link for support is dead... come on folks, gimme a chance here!!"
quickbooks online on macbook. quickbooks online is constantly crashing while i'm creating my invoices. every time i enter a line entry i have to take the extra time to save it because the program will freeze up and i will have to force quit and restart the whole invoice over again. i rate it a 1 star only because i can't rate it any lower.
convenient & helpful. as a new business owner and usually overwhelmed with just running the business, the app and website make the financial and tax side of the business easy to stay current and accurate. once i got the initial tax required and payroll payments set up, it's made my life easier.
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
won't print invoice with signature from my device. if i could i would give it five stars.. great app
so far so good. i've been using the app for a week and love it so far. i find it extremely easy to make invoices in the field, and also very convenient to accept payments.
pathetic on ipad. i don’t know why intuit bother to have an ipad app. it never works, has less functionality than a browser. the latest update tells you your account doesnt exist, the exact same log in as a browser. someone in the development department is being paid far too much for a substandard product. avoid the app like the plague
marcela hayden. i don’t know how i would get buisness done with out quickbooks, and the app on the go makes it possible for my family to run our buisness and grow in success. thank you quickbooks
best app. this made my life simpler!!!
crashing non stop. keeps crashing when trying to sign in, couldn't even use trial, useless crap, trial expired, done the usual uninstallreinstall, still didn't work
. not all customer payments showing on android, on iphone was no issues except some crashes from time to time and signing out by itself.
best app for start up company. hands down this app is the best for any size company, once its all set and customized to your company you & your employees will operate more efficiently. take your time to learn it don't be afraid to call customer service they are very friendly and helpful.
mr. great app. i use it all the time on my phone and tablet.it works seamlessly with qbo. invoicing, receipts, checking my account, giving it to my bookeeper all easy and on the go. i couldn't do without it now.
poor. if you write a review and the nickname is taken you have to start all over again. app is very limited and web version has problems with ipad pro
beyond useless. i have long been frustrated by intuit's decision to bar users on ipads from accessing any real functionality in quickbooks. i thought this app might address that problem, but it does not. it does not offer anything useful to me.
. this app works perfectly for making and sending invoices, addingediting new items, reviewing bills, etc. i haven't figured out how to download an invoice as a packing slip...sometimes i need that function, so have to go to my computer.
great. helps me track all of my business needs from estimates and invoicing to financing. great app!
. like everyone else i'm having major issue with the app. since recent update i can only see recent activity. everything else is blank.
besi. it just makes life easier awesome app
new to app. am enjoying being able to automatically list expenses & add receipts as i go. other apps promised this but kept crashing. i feel that i can now better control my finances.
. a few more functions on the mobile app would be awesome, but super convenient nonetheless
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid. update. does not work again. :(
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
app shows incorrect transactions. transactions do not match the selected vendor. works when you have few transactions. once you pass 20k it becomes slow and inaccurate.
glitchy software loses emails really crappy support. issues remain for years intuit does not fix. loses emails all the time invoices say sent when they are not.
. works amazing when having to do my invoices on the fly and can't get to the office. also to check my estimates
app login. i can not login to app using my online login details. have reset again and again and nothing works. very frustrating
"good but not perfect.. a feature is missing that you get on the website for example, search i can't search invoices in the app through ""memo"". why!!!!??? please fix or add a ""memo"" search option, please!!!"
nice app. i really like this app, but wish it was a little easier to navigate and do more.
ok. app ok
issues with addresses being in window of envelope. i used to be able to print off invoices and mail them to customers by folding in thirds. now i have to fold a special way to get the address to appear in the windows of the envelope.
. great app! i use it all the time!
. very well designed usee experience 👍🏻!
. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. kindly update your android apps. very unproductive to use. will be migrating out. useless for people on the go. slow data sync. when not working, still need use a laptop.
phone. phone app is better than pc version
cancelar assinatura. fiz uma pergunta sobre cancelar assinatura e responderam algo na com nada. será que vocês podem responder como cancelo a assinatura, pois não utilizarei o app? aguardo um retorno obrigado
excellent!!!. i just love this app. i has allow me to invoice and collect payment at the point of sale without the paper work fuzz. it has allow me to improve my cash flow while increasing my efficiency while i am in the field. my only regret, i should have implemented much sooner into my mobile service.
loved it. i am enamoured by the app. makes my business life damn easy
rubbish. absolutely rubbish since the last update . keeps crashing on iphone xr. screen message = app needs to close due to critical updates. happens 2030 x times a day when trying to set up an invoice estimate etc. test your updates before release you them, you idiots!
great package. i'm on the road and this accounting package works great. also nice that my accountant has direct access.
subscription errors. nothing but problems since january. i switched from the download to the app so i could do it at home and it's been nothing but problems, and not even the same ones!!! i have 2 companies, it's june, and i'm still trying to get this straightened out to input this years data.
. if your running a small business, this is a must have. it makes everything easy and stress free
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
worst customer service. i love the idea of the app but it’s too confusing i don’t get a lot of the options and customer service i barely understood anything was no help at all. i just simply needed the app to track incomeexpense and personal pay.
thumbs up. great addition to the online software
. well after the experience so far it's great when i need to merge all apps at home then i can rate better. customer service has been just awesome so far. thanks
comments. there is no printing options for mobile printing. we have tu use other app, to print invoices. poor in reports not friendly to do invoices
. cannot change estimates from pending to accepted on android version.
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
updates have made it horrible. i love using the online version. the august updates however have tanked the app. it is no longer sharing information between my iphone, ipad, and mac. the sorting feature of estimates is now gone ( pending, accepted, closed) it only shows in last changed order, not good when working with 3 month or longer history. on a positive note, i do like the photo modification for the iphone. it no longer adds to my photo album, just imports to quickbooks.
touch id does not work. i have it checked and yet when i load the app it keeps asking for password. pointless, just remove touch id as an option since it does not work as it should.
. helps me, my customers, and my accountant!!
bad update. was close to perfect, or at least practical. since the last update, this app is useless to me. hoping this will change!
. great software. helpful for my business
"problems. this app will not let me save an invoice, it always says ""this number already exists"" no matter which number i add. only started the error on the 301112, please fix."
3 year user.. lots of glitches. signs me out within seconds of logging in and there’s many steps just to put items into an invoice or receipt.
problems. when it works it's good. have to sign out and back in or it crashes when customers need to be entered, along with other options.
. mostly good. i have accidentally send invoices before they are ready.
linking bank to quickbooks. still trying to link usaa with quickbooks. i think it's on the bank's end. until we get this issue resolved it's four stars.
. great app to have if you starting your own business, you need to have this app. you can keep track through laptop, tablet and phone. you can make it as simple as you like or as detailed you want to be! awesome!
can't do my expenses on the app. i've started using quickbooks a few months ago. all was going ok but now i can't do my expenses on my app anymore. can't take pictures of my receipts to add them to my expenses. i contacted them and they said they are dealing with it but still no luck after a few weeks waiting. very frustrating. all other functions are working fine though. depe
logging out.... every time i open the app, it logs out. so now i have to keep my qb password with me. love qb but hate this app. have raised the issue, been ignored.
. very fine app
more details... really.. i'm sick of the standard review response... send more details. i haven't even downloaded this yet. but i get the message: login problems. what's so hard about that.
mario osorio painting and a&t housecleaning. love this program very friendly and very easy to understand for my self and my bookkeeper.
its great. good program. needs more functionality
quality product. i've just taken over the accounts for the business with little experience and knowledge and i have found quickbooks online very easy to use. issuing invoices and running payroll is quick and simple. the support is extremely good too from professionals who know what they are doing not just anybody in a call centre reading a script.
great app. it's quick and easy to learn. prefect for me.
great software to work on the go. i just love how easy it is to use the software to keep on top of our receivables and payments. very easy to share data amongst our team to become more efficient. much better than using the desktop version
. amazing app...simplifies office work a lot
. quick books is best app for my growing business.
all that you need at the same app. great app, easy to navigate
does not work in india. it is not operational in india... looking forward that it will be made available in this region soon.
works great. works great for my small business. not sure why there are bad reviews, qbo keeps up with my customers information, invoices, and estimates. very easy to use. now on this last update, i did have to uninstall and reinstall on my andriod phone, but within 5 minutes i was back up and running.
just awful!!!. is this seriously how you're going to roll out your app by pissing off customers. can't even sign in half the time due to 'connection errors'. your company is an ultra fail.
app is crashing.... had to key in a credit card thru the computer because the app keeps crashing and doesn’t let you charge a card. will change my review after they fix the issue.
very disappointed. i'm very disappointed because i have been unable to login on with my iphone or macbook pro. i tried to get help through customer service but all i got was a link. very disappointed!!
estimate layout. i like the way the app works, i have problems when i need to include a lot of info on the estimates. when i send it it leaves the first page blank and cuts of some of the info on the second page. overall great though!
no mileage tracking. false advertising. the mileage tracking screen shot is from the self employed app, not the small business app
works a treat..... nice additional to the main on line version... all good on s6 edge, no problems.
easy for newbie. started out with the desktop version of qb and migrated to the qbo platform. so much better for me and easy to use now. i can send a quote from my phone and then invoice once the job is complete which for a lazy guy like me keeps me on tasks done billing times quicker. highly recommended
best app ever. thank you quickbooks making everything simple
not even close to online or desktop versions. at the cost of not wanting to hire a secretary my consultant had me switch to online version from desktop, it sucks! used to update q.b. desktop every 3 yrs (when forced to) for $150 and now pay around $400 a year for less function. the direct qb online site is better from my mobile device than the actual app. the options between app and website dont function the same. terrible!
reduced feature set. previous version:the feature set of the web based app is not matched. (previous mentioned currency and time records). update: removed a lot of preexisting functionality and did not add any missing functions. much worse than before. cannot find a list of invoices due to a supplier. clicking on a particular supplier brings up only the address particulars.
unresponsive. app not working not letting me update data for 5 days now. emailed company still not sorted still not happy
. great program
. why doesn't all my business info show up on the invoice? address, phone number... i had to add my address under business name but couldn't fit number.
negative stars.... emails won't send to customers... misspelled quantity on invoices... not complicated to fix, no customer service, destroyed my management system, i regret switching...
ios 11 not ready? lot of bugs and crashes. every time i’m make a new invoice it crashes and take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
just started. i just started my business and only had a few transactions. when i downloaded qb online it was simple and everything reconciled perfectly. it's easier then the old software too which i am use to using.
payroll app in uk?. just started using quickbooks and finding it fairly helpful so far however i really need it for payroll, will the payroll app be available in the uk?
we need an update for iphone x. we need an update for iphone x. in addition, we need the function to add cc recipient when sending out quotes or invoices. other than those 2 things, it is good.
crashes when downloading. crashes when downloading after initial setup. have not been able to use app. disappointing.
wonderful app for freelancers. likes: stores repeat client info  allows for cc payment  allows me to include my company logo and information on each invoice.  alerts me of tardy invoices  provides me with easy to read charts and measure each months incomeexpenses dislikes:  credit card payments incurs a hefty fee rather than a monthly charge  all of my invoices have an intuit logo  customer service is not great
. horrible, spent 2 hours trying to cancel subscription. they don't have the cancel button. called them...45 min wait. terrible service.
good. camera to upload receipts is weird. other than that i am new to running a business and this program is helping a lot to keep organized. i think it is also going to help when taxes come around and make that a lot simpler and less scary also.
where’s my po’s.... vendor access is very limited.. need to be able to access full vendor info and functions. app falls short on the vendor side.
owner. love this service i can keep up with everything that we are doing great app
owner. great app to take of of business anywhere i'm at!
1 step forward  2 steps back. for the most part, the app functions correctly after finally resolving the issues with accepting credit cards. now, it wants to download the company information each morning. it is doing it on all the devices and accounts that our company uses. it's very frustrating when we need to quickly pull up a customers information only to be forced to wait for it to redownload all the info. hurry up and wait
great invoicing app. works great for invoicing needs.
electric company. quickbooks is the best invoicing program i have found.
excellent. you can do so much with just this app  absolute game changer. love it.
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
. dont bother if you dont have access to pc or laptop.basic features like editing customer email is not available on mobile devices including tablets.if an invoice isnt sent because the recipient email address sends it back,you have no way of knowing that an error has occurred even when attempting to check via any web browser.caused me £1000's of cashflow headache. contacted customer support,got a nonsensical response.made it sound like the problem is an actual feature of the app and software.
great app. love having qb on my phone to receive payments, send invoices and other routine activities.
. lots of functionality and convenience in this robust small biz acctg software
best ap and program for home business. i trailed several other programs before quickbooks. it allows me to split an expense between personal and business which others wouldn't. the ap is easy to use and love that i can take a photo of the receipt. no more loosing receiptshaving them fade etc.
. difficult to navigate. starts with fairly useless information that cannot be sorted. does not sync for days on end, so it isn't current. cannot view statements or email one from the field. edit: it is getting easier to navigate and shows more useful information.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
great accounting apps. great apps..
. app no longer works at all. i've tried uninstalling & reinstalling nothing. i've left emails for qb to contact me regarding this and no response. not looking good for them right now
. great app, must have for business owners and organized individuals!
very beneficial app. this is a very beneficial app. it does not replace the pc version but is an excellent aid. it's helpful to send invoices on the go or at the end of a service call. the sooner the customer pays the more chance you will get paid. as long as you keep things simple it is a very good aid!
. great accounting for reasonable price... fairly user friendly
. being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. any chance of this being resolved
half way. all i really want is something i can scan in my receipts with. they say they have this feature but they don’t. even the free wave accounting app has this feature and now i’m left wondering what the point of paying for this service is with an alternative such as wave.. not looking like i’ll be bothering to continue after this free trial if they can’t compete with a free alternative otherwise quite functional.
more than convenient, it's necessary. having the app makes it so much easier to do business on the go. you can send estimates and invoices before the client meeting has even ended. efficient and essential!
great. easy to take a payment while out at work. and they are all ways updating and improving. very good. highly recommended
. not sure if this was resolved but in reviewing past expenses and invoices, it looks like 85% have disappeared. if i entered more than 1 expense on a single day, it kept 1. some days i entered 56 receipts if not more and now i'm redoing them all. switched to a bookkeeper this year so haven't used the app in 6+ months.
don't buy this, it has glitches!. i have had nothing but problems, it won't let me in account...then didn't record travel information. now it is impossible to cancel.
can’t upload receipts. it’s incredibly ridiculous that you can’t upload receipts from anywhere but your photos app. what if you get emailed an invoice? nope can’t upload it!
most productive app. using this app on my iphone and ipad hs made my life so much easier! i've been able to invoice my customers without having to lug me laptop around. truly an awesome app!
. concept was good. but too many errors. could not work at all
works good. easy to use.. it's really easy to file expenses with this. that's all i really need a mobile accounting app for.
. great app to manage all paper work and finance.
mohammed salman 6s. superb app all ledger's are in just my pocket my request is to app developer suppliers options suppliers balance
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
no way to categorize transactions. no way to access bankcredit card accounts to categorize transactions. what's the point of having the profitloss tab if that's the case??
i would not recommend. 1. very very very expensive 2. not intuitive and not user friendly 3. no local support or live support from malaysia
. i had an inapp issue and received help immediately. i love this app and really appreciate you guys. you make my life a lot easier, 💯💯
great app!. easy to use, syncs nicely. very user friendly and keeps me informed while on the go!
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
perfect app. perfect app
. conforme já relatado por outros usuários, o app oferece uma promoção de r$13,99. porém ao efetuar a compra o valor é quase r$50,00... engana na propaganda então já parto do princípio que o restante pode não ser bom!
love this app. great app would recommend to everyone.
. useful!
can't save an invoice since update.. please fix asap. i use to use this app everyday and now i can't. i love quickbooks but this is bad!!
was great and then they updated it. i loved this app when i first got it. i used it all the time for 5 months strait, and then they 'updated' it. now, it's awful. i don't see any of the new features and it is buggy beyond belief. please go back to the older version. this is a joke.
cpo. love, love, love qb app! i can create invoices & sales receipts on the go & easily  even process credit card payments.
. banking information is typically two days old. honestly it's a pointless app without an option to update banking information. i don't understand why this is not possible on androids. i was able to retrieve updated banking information on my iphone. banking data on the android app is up to 2 full days old. this means a trip back to the office for certain financial decisions and renders reports useless. it's a financial system. banking is a fairly important component of a business' finances!
handy. great app! can create estimates and get signatures right on my phone!
business. i'm very happy with this app help me a lot
qbo app rocks!. finally, we given the proper tools to make educated financial decisions on the go! thank you intuit!
very user friendly!. quick books makes life simple!
horrible app. you can’t add time activity. this has to be the stupidest design i’ve ever seen. you’re in the field and the most common use would be to add billable time. i’m about to switch to another provided if they don’t get their act together.
eli's green cleaning. great app extremely convenient for everything that i need to do for my business
terrible across the board. quickbooks online needs a lot more research and development. continuously enters double entries from link bank account. does not enter feeds uptodate like it says it is going to
user friendly. this app is simple to use, easy to grasp, and professional in presentation.
. great app love that i can use it anywhere i need.
broken app. latest update broke it. app will no longer launch and immediately crashes. now looking at alternatives.
outstanding. i love the new quickbooks app it allows me to invoice and estimate my customers in a snap it also allows me to bring the point of sale in the home credit card processing is very easy also my favorite feature is that i am able to transfer my contacts into my quickbooks customer list with the press of a button
ouch. does not have my bank listed. does me no good. been paying for 1 year now. and i see no where how to stop subscribing. cost me over $10.00 a month.
better than sage. so i've been using sage for about a year now and decided to switch to quickbooks. best decision ever. quickbooks is much more simple. totally recommend it.
it's very nice app. nice aap, now i can mange company whole activity
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
. like a bookeeper without the paycheck expense
good but could be better. many features that are online, you cannot use in the app. even the online version is limited.
meh... large app, slow and expensive. looks nice but loading times are slow and not all sections display properly on a phone.
. so far i've loved everything about this app.
. fantastic app for keeping my expenses up to date on the go and much more!
class. i can't seem to use classes in the app. i have them through the web version, but here i can't filter in the report. please add
. i have had this app on my phone for years. i tried opening it and i was told to update the app. so i did. now it will not open. it just keeps telling me to update. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it still does not work. my business is important and this makes me very mad
a+. awesome app. this makes my life so much simpler! super easy to use. 5 stars from this guy!
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
very disappointed. moving to a different invoicing product.
awful!. this latest update is awful! i have had nothing but problems saving notes and attachments. plus it looks really weird! i like the previous version much better, it actually worked! thanks for messing up a perfectly good product!
not an intuitive product. i'm very disappointed with this product. i've used quickbooks on my laptop for two years as well as the gopayment app. this has been extremely frustrating to setup and use for both my accountant and myself.
awesome accounting app. it's user friendly. moreover, tutorial videos are available if have any difficulty.
". made by nonaccountants for nonaccountants? it's impossible to use it to answer an actual accounting question.  shows ""no activity"" under our landlord's vendor account making it useless to quickly see what if any payments we made."
always crashes and says critical updates are needed.. constantly crashing. new photo software sucks. can barely recognize the edge of a receipt against a black backround. have to edit every single photo.
. very simple and intuitive to use both i've used the android version and ios
comments. there is no printing options for mobile printing. we have tu use other app, to print invoices. poor in reports not friendly to do invoices
very convenient. i love this app. with the pay now option im able to get paid before i even had a chance to get back to the office.
worse update ever. finally you eat our petition to add calculator to the invoice keyboard and removed on this update? app freezes a lot
waste of money. it seems like they are doing what every other company is doing. charging more for less. switched over to qb online and it has been a waste of money. no customization what so ever. looking for another program with better interface.
great app. great app saves time works well recommend for chippys like myself :)
latest update crashing on iphone 7. great improvements in the app. extra features are a great bonus. well done. on iphone 7 the app crashes when upon opening banking is selected. i've reproduced 5 times.
pathetic. when will intuit wake up and get a real program for the ipad? very limited unless all you want is invoicing....disappointed....was hopeful at one point but have had it with intuit
glitchy, incomplete features, and poor data. this app needs serious attention. after years of putting up with this hot mess i’m fed up and rarely use it any more. no matter what i do i can’t get data to load that is any more recent than 2016 for most vendors. no one from tech support replies  ever. american express transactions can’t be synched or approved in the app. about the only thing it’s useful for is matching typical transactions in our checking account.
don't bother. been using qb desktop for years. disapointed in the sasmobile version. mobile app is slow and frequently fails to load at all. not much functionality at all besides creating invoices. checking account balances or customer ar is not worth the bother on mobile app. this is an ok solution. i bet there are better options available than qb mobile app.
one of the best accounting software.. very good and well made accounting software. very easy and friendly to use. the things i especially like about this application is that i can book an expense on the go through the mobile app and i can access this accounting software from anywhere and on any device!!
excellent program. we are extremely happy with this program, it has made our company administrators live so much easier.
stay well away!. worst software i have used to date. zero customer service. ignores all complaints. takes forever to load. constant problems. not user friendly.
. app runs extremely slowly and often won't even open. it freezes almost constantly. using a galaxy s8 phone.
invoices and estimates design. the design and layout of the invoices and estimates templates are outdated. seems like a small thing, but it reflects poorly on a business’ brand, and it is so easily fixed on your end. hire a professional designer and give clients a template that says quickbooks cares about our brand too.
horrible app even if subscribing!. subscribe to the app yet they want me to pay for a new subscription, waste of money for months!
i love it. quickbooks makes so many things easier
amazing. life is just easier. especially when it constantly always making updates just making it easy so i can focus.
confining.. pretty okay accounting software if you don't mind quickbooks owning you.
whatsapp on iphone. the experience is very good with quick books on iphone. but it is not connecting directly to whatsapp while sending the invoice. the invoice have to be first downloaded into the folder and later it has to be sent.
help. there doesn't seem to be a way to tie in purchases on to a invoice to charge specific customers. when you call in for help with the app, customer service does not have access to see what you're looking at.
very good!. really does help to keep everything at your finger tips, it's a convenient way to keep track of your earnings and invoices. one quick glance and you know where your company is at! 👍🏻
coffee machine doctor. this is the safest and fastest accounting system ever just like a shot of espresso
no purchase order function!?. had to edit comment because the replier only read the title and not the content. cannot place pos with vendors. can only add expenses but can't place pos with vendors...
dashboard is a great. the most recent upgrade gives users a real time understanding of a companies finances through graphical representation.
. signed on to the mobile app but it will not pull up the data for my business. keeps saying that there is a technical issue. have tried many times. no luck.
getting better. improvements to invoicing and bank transfers. but still weak at importing addresses from ipad address book.
. not so great. have two businesses and the app mixes and misses my customers
love it. this app helps me keep my business organized on the go
poor. need to put password in every time i start can't write a service invoice and an amount
awesome!. great app, easy to use.
slow and buggy. disappointed in app. doesn't correlate well with desktop version. slow to load information and sometimes won't update accounts.
ahhh. you cant pay employees on the phone or tablet app. its hard to find the login on a normal desktop and when i want to pay an employee the employee section keeps going blank and never loads. this is extremely frustrating!
the recent update fixed the problems!. this app seems to be back to normal! 😄 qb online works great for working on the field and being mobile! 😊
great app. even better than the desktop version.
horrible. this app and their customer service is terrible.
cannot input supplier invoices you have to upgrade. bought quickbooks for our subsidiary business, input invoices, pay suppliers etc to find out you can’t actually input supplier invoices unless you upgrade! so from £11.99 a month to £18.99 a month just to input purchase, very odd
better improvement. app running better
. great app for tracking expenses and payments
won't save receipts. try to record receipts in expenses, just get error message. called the number the message had, person they don't offer support for mobile devices or their app.**** update i did as you requested the day you requested and to date have not heard back from your staff. same issue with samsung 10.1 tablet and s6 phone.
useless software. quickbooks is slow, has errors and the support is probably the worst i have ever had to use. we had an issue where we could not roster our staff for over a week due to a quickbooks error and every interaction with their support team has been horrible. the api to payroll is slow and buggy and they keep upping the prices. use another service!
excellent business app. a must have for small businesses. excellent.
. just started and loving it i have only been using this app for a short time but it has helped me stay on top of the business side of my work and has made invoicing much easier!
one of the worst decisions ever!. i decided to move forward with quick books because of a friend recommending it to me. this has been one of the worst experiences ever. the customer service is terrible and the fact that quick books owes me money is even worst. i highly recommend that no one uses this service.
it worked good until it didn't. i can't even login it says app closed
quick accounting. works great , makes life a lot simpler getting invoices in and keeping a tally on pending jobs .
. this app has one major flaw in my view. my bank transactions do not update unless i go through the website and update it there. this is probably the only reason i have this app. this is very annoying and i have contacted quickbooks about this issue and they are not helpful. they tell me to go to the website and update it there! would be a great app if they fix this issue.
. just starting out with quickbooks. i noticed that it lets me know whether an account holder has seen my invoice. nice! i'd like a little more guidance on using it to track my money, though. i feel a little in over my head.
. super easy to use...love that we can use it on multiple divices. awesome program
awesome app. i waited to rate this app because i knew eventually everything was going to be available on the mobile app. this makes my job so much easier start to finish.
fantastic application. i love this app. it let's me manage my expenses and easily invoice on the go. great tool!
great!. this app for quick books is fantastic! works just as it's supposed to! thanks!
fail update.. update never savessends invoices on either of my 2 devices
great for invoices on the go. they charge things every so often after you get used to the way it is.
can't live without it. i don't know how i did business before this app. i love that i can access my company books anywhere. i love the way i can take a photo of the receipts for my expenses. thank you qb!
. errors on free trail. can generate a invoice or put the company name on. i try my phone, tablet and laptop. keep on saying the same thing. error on tax .........
. love it. need to add ability to add bills via mobile app.
good idea. i love the concept but i've had to reenter several expenses up to three times to get quickbooks to except them in and that's rather annoying.
improvements need to be in desktop version too. happy to have amount remaining automatically calculated in expense entries when splitting items between multiple categories! the online desktop version used to have this feature as well but went way with a recent upgrade, add it back please
great app. very user friendly. easy to edit and add customers.
works good for me. i use quick books to invoice, put in costs, and see roughly how the company is doing financially. easy to use. i read all reviews but some are not liking it while others do. depends on what your using it for. simple and easy that's what i like.
touch id still doesn't work. despite what intuit claims about the new update. smh.
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck. all fixed. awesome work!!!!!
. still learning the ropes. so far so good. being able to submit quotations efficiently and itemized makes all the difference. quite easy to learn and keep track of expenses.
. simple to use and quick
. fast and simple to use.
. great app to have if you starting your own business, you need to have this app. you can keep track through laptop, tablet and phone. you can make it as simple as you like or as detailed you want to be! awesome!
awesome. i use it on my mobile, very efficient and fast in the field , for quick creation of invoices and quotations, on the spot so i never lose the opportunity to acquire a new jobs and customers
some great options. it is great being able to create and send invoices when done with job rather than waiting to get back to the office. i wish that was true with vendors. have only been able to view it but not create bills or make payments. would like to be able to process vendor payments as well. i do find that when i email an invoice the name does not show up in the email.
. great app
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
. must have app for a small business
quickbooks online not working. i paid my subscription thru itunes, got charged but haven’t been able to use it.... it keep giving me a message to subscribe which i already did. contacted apple, itunes, and intuit quickbooks and haven gotten anywhere... frustrating!!!
great accounting package. love the mobile apps!
nice, but they increased price a lot!. i like the app but am concerned with how much they just increased price for my service.
. makes our life easier without using the webapp
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
". the app failed to associate my quickbooks online account with the app at login. ""it seems like you have an account with intuit but no quickbooks online company associated with : my@email would you like to create a company?"" additionally, when trying to troubleshoot this issue, i was given the run around through all services... from faqs, to online support, to calling directly. issue still unresolved."
superb!!!. this is a great app for keeping up to date with accounts. links to my bank accounts and intelligently matches transactions and remembers previous matches and entries. certainly deserves the name quickbooks based on how quickly i can enter my bank transactions. great for multiuser access and very easy to set up. overall this is much better than i expected.
invoices don’t look great. the issue i had when using quickbooks was the invoices just didn’t look very polished or professional. there’s a way of setting up a custom invoice, but really you want a good default so you don’t have to muck around.
locks up. cannot load company data. does not work since app update.
glitchy software loses emails really crappy support. issues remain for years intuit does not fix. loses emails all the time invoices say sent when they are not.
. everytime need to key pass word. finger print funtion no use for full screen mobile phone. not user friendly enough
service date. been told by intuit several times that service date will be available on invoices almost a year ago....still nothing and it is crucial to have in the lawn care biz
onion vs. desktop. i have just purchased the desktop version. i would.like to use the app to record my expenses on the fly. from what i can tell you need to have an online account to do so. please help if there is a way.
. really quick and simple set up. easy to use. no problems so far. perfect for a small business.
used to work. are you ever going to fix the ap
fix log in problems. the latest update made logging in extremely difficult. i am no longer able to use my pin or fingerprint even though they are both enabled in the app.
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
great app. it's a one stop accounting app for me and it's made my life so much easier having it.
very easy and convenient!. i love having the mobile app. it makes it easy to enter transactions on the spot without having to stop and open up my computer to login.
. truly powerful software! takes a bit of getting used to, but once you grasp how it works, which is relatively simple, you're able to meaningfully track the financial health of your business.
it could use some improvements. i would like to have the option to send partial invoices from the app
. i have seen personal budgeting apps that have better user experience than this. here just some of the glaring issues:  it forces you to relogin alot, and it does not support google signin, which means you have to retype a complex password every single time  you could use pin login from settings, but it is useless..  it forces pin code reentry everytime you use the camera or switch to another app.
user friendly. works great!. great app for running a small business. easy to use for estimates, invoicing, accounts receivable, etc. can't wait to integrate it with our payroll to make billing for labor even easier. highly recommend.
can't creat po, and no calendar. cant creat po on ipad, and no calender,
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
doesn't work on galaxy s7. i have been using quickbooks for a year and a half with no issues. just upgraded my phone to the s7 and now it won't even load past the sign in page. come on quickbooks the s7 is a pretty main stream device. please get this fixed asap.
unable to access my account. this app does not work. i am unable to access my account it just goes back to the splash screen.
. love this app smooth and easy
. i travel for work and this app is awesome. i can write and email estimates, invoices, and recieve payments on the fly. it makes my life way easier.
. the app has stopped working on my phone, i've been trying to log in for 2 weeks now and it constantly said the internet isn't connected, which it is. have sent an email via your contact details abs had no response regarding this issue.
swapping to a customised invoice. would love to swap to a customised invoice on a ipad or iphone app and not have to work off a laptop to do it... if it’s possible i can’t seem to find out how to do it
checking the books on the go. great app to have on the run
"so frustrating. ""updated"" the app... telling me now that i need a new version of the app and since i already have it, not sure what i'm supposed to do. even my accountant agrees quickbooks online is too confusing. waiting for 2016 to close out my books and use a new program."
great app. works great for customer signature!
. great app. awesome app!
"crash. all looks great until i press ""start your free trial""... crash and close. please fix this and i will change my review. not a great start..."
bug fixed. your problem with app
. it seems like every time the app updates it turns off automatic mialage tracking. what a pain. then i have to review my calendar and recreate mialage and likely to miss some.
excellent interface and convenient app. this app is a life saver and helps me run my small business affairs smoothly. i can submit my invoices and estimates on the go with ease. definitely a must app to have.
brilliant app. makes running a business a lot easier.
well made basic accounting. quickbooks online has been extremely useful. i have a small contracting business, and i can record an expense in seconds, photo the receipt, create an invoice or estimate, and email these to customers. syncs instantly and automatically across multiple devices, so it's on my phone, tablet and online. the cost is tiny, and it takes care of itself  no more shoebox!
won't connect to qb online since update.. i've been using qb for ipad with few issues to date, until the latest update. now, i'm on a job, trying to invoice a customer and can not since the app will not connect to qb online.
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
crashes when entering a sales receipt. i am new to quickbooks and am super frustrated i can’t enter a simple sales transaction. it crashes every time. disappointing
great app. works very well with the ipad. allows you to make invoices and notes on the go. much better being cloud based than pc based. it costs more but it definitely worth it when it comes to the convenience.
. i love the idea and most of the time it's great. i have a few things i'd like to have sorted. one the cache seems to not be accurate, sometimes i see recent transactions and sometimes i don't see any in the phone. two i think you should have a start page you can select in prefs so it opens in say customers. three finger print recognition, if banks can do it..... other than that it's great.
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
still doesn't work. touch id is still not working. must manually log in to the app each time i use it throughout the day. this is super annoying not to mention time consuming. and time is money!
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
bugs!. so many bugs with this! i just rated it before and it’s popped up again asking me to rate. and i could go into so much more, however i’m only using this until next year. it’s shocking. i have just sent 3 invoices, the clients have received them, but they are not showing up in the app.
nothing works!  waste of money!. on ios: keeps crashing, totally unusable. on safari on mac: tells me to update to the latest version of safari, even though i am on the latest version! what an embarrassmentuseless company!
. great app and user friendly for small business.
app will not open after update. app will not open on my iphone, making it impossible to input expenses and worse still accept payment on jobs!
. very handy
stuck in the test version. it is all great in theory, yet there are so many glitches. you can’t search by address. it crashes too often. frequent notifications that as an example your deposits weren’t recorded properly do you want to fix them? i shouldn’t need to fix the bank deposits. please fix the bugs! oh and not all of my clients made the transition from the desktop version to the online version. also quickbooks asked me to rate quickbooks online 4 times today alone.
broken in ios 13. need a fix urgently
quick books. quickbooks makes quick work of billing customers , writing estimates , and helping run a business.
superb. the app on the iphone is great. works perfectly and great for quick invoicing. the ipad app is even better as provides much more in depth information. even better both apps work seamlessly with each other. don't know what i would do without this app.
. really friendly and useful
"what are you thinking qb???. when you send invoice or proposal email, it doesn't come from your email but from ""qb do not reply email address"". so if customer wants to email you back with question or addition they have to start new email thread."
. great! simple to use & very professional...very satisfied wquickbooks!
. best app out there for assisting in every phase of running your company
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
. i just downloaded the latest version of the app and can feel a lot of the improvements! it had some issues in the last version but seems to be working perfectly well now. this app is crucial in managing my business!
. it's useful, but often behind the ios app. still waiting to be able to raise po's on the app  that would be super helpful when onsite with suppliers.
. good app
very powerful tool. the app is really nice and efficient. will get even better when the ability to create a credit note is made available on both ios and android devices. i really don't understand why this must have feature has not been added yet. thanks!
don’t purchase from app store. over priced
junk update = worthless app. since the latest update, my qb app shows an error saying that my session has expired immediately after i log in. i can't use it at all. pc access is okay.
don't do latest update. was working great until latest update. now i cannot create any invoices.
user friendly. this app is so nice when i am out and about getting good items for our business i can input them right then and there. i don't have to come home a do it, sometimes i forget then i get unorganized and have missing receipts that i later find. i love this app.
. the app works good.....when it works. but it freezes often......and when theres a technical issue it takes 45 days for them to resolve the issue. wasnt what i expected at all from quickbooks.
powerful, concise and easy to use. i get the information i need immediate, and am able to review, edit and accept transactions quickly and easily. this helps me answer questions on the fly!!
best addition for any business on the go!. the free trial was amazing. my favorite part is having the ability to send invoices. while setting up my merchant services, customer support was kind and easy to work with. now it's easier to bill my clients from my phone. i track everything. get the quickbooks app. you won't regret it!
. the app is horrible. doesn't update ky information, ia like a month behind. very frustrating. you are good at billing me every month, that part is up to date🙄.
there are other options .... not with the $35 dollars they take in addition to % of every transaction. i would suggest another program and app. i personally would like the app to be able to send reminders for invoices but the app will only send them out.
brutal support and comparability. currently looking for another accounting solution. the intentional limitations and total lack of cooperation with the support team leads me to the opinion that all positive reviews are fake. epic fail intuit.
. it's been years and the login still fails 80% of the time. have to clear data in the app just to login. it's a nightmare.
. very useful if you travel
all around, it's a great product!. i just wish it had a better breakdown of hours billed or units soldcost per unit on the invoices. maybe it's there in the settings to do this, i just haven't figured out how to do it yet. otherwise i love it.
easy to use. generally easy to use. some limitations on app.
. good app, but please can you add mode of payment to sale receipts and receive payment. anytime i do sale receipt on the app, it post the cash directly to undeposited fund account i created instead of bank account of cash and cash equivalent that i created... please help us fix this pls
. i have tried to cancel my subscription yet i have just checked my credit card statement and the subscription is still being taken. please stop this. i wish to cancel. i have followed the instructions and i am still paying for some reason.
. very simple to use.
well done. good app to compliment online services
quickbooks. super easy to use! i was able to backlog and bring my business up to speed with quickbooks within a few hours after downloading quickbooks! operating the app is fun and accessible!
. does a good job. thanks
"soooo slow. i have been using this app for about three years , and it was very functional and useful, but now, almost every time i open it, it says ""downloading data,"" and stays there... for 35 minutes doesnt matter whether my phone is on wifi or cell coverage. i hope they fix this bug."
great program. i am a startup welding company, so computers are not my strong suit. literally self taught with qb’s help section, and a couple video tutorials. i mange my companies financials, expenses and payables on my own. this is a big feat being a neanderthal who sticks metal together.
love this app!. this has solved my issue of remembering to create invoices after the service. so far i am loving this app :)
excellent!!!. this is easy to use and very convenient! most of the functionality on the app means it's easy to work will out of the office!
. origionally i wanted to use this app for easy application of spreadsheets and invoices, unfortunately when everything wasn't working out for me, i decided to pull the plug and cancel my subscription. unfortunately, it is hard to get a cancellation and stop the reoccurring payments and it has brought me here. i would recommend that you guys make it easier for others to manage your subscription accounts.
. i can't view estimates on this app unless i input them in manually. they will not upload. only customer information and invoices. this makes it very hard to be onpoint with my crew.
. great invoices tool
. doesn't have any of the essential functions.
. awesome... works across all of my devices so i can invoice, receive payment and create customers wherever i am. i can even check to see who has and hasn't paid me and send a reminder email to them if needs be, all from my phone, tablet or laptop... should have used this ages ago instead of previous well known others.
awful app  doesn’t fully sync with online data. i keep getting notifications about a 6 month overdue invoice, which i used for testing. however, when you try and remove the invoice, it can’t find it. the online version is fine if a little overpriced for soletrader business, but this app, which costs nothing, is worth exactly that. it’s next to useless.
when it works. i rely heavily on the quickbooks mobile app. when it works, it works great. but every once in a while, it goes down, for days.
very handy.. life made easier.
. great for beginners
. this app is useless and doesn't work properly on a phone
. i have called customer support twice now. each time, i am greeted by an overly friendly person who barely speaks a word of english. either time was the agent able to even understand what i am asking for. they could offer no help, they would not transfer me to someone else. i am left all alone here trying to navigate a program and run a business. i have no idea how to get any help from these people. thank goodness for youtube!
. i attempted to open an account and a symbol is required to create a password. my 3 bank accounts don't even require a symbol. i just reset all of my accounts with a new password. i'm not changing this password to please quickbooks.
simple, yet capable. does everything i need and i love being able to use it online, iphone and ipad. on the go flexibility is a must and this app does that flawlessly!
. i only gave it a stare so i could write a review! there are hidden fees and bad customer service! i will not recommend this system ever!!!!!!!!!!!!
love it. great software when teamed up with abdroid app
super user friendly. this app is ridiculously user friendly a must have for any small business ownerentrepreneur!!
. i love this app.
owner. i actually have never written a review for an app, and i've had an every iphone since the 3gs, i read the first review for this app and was so disgusted at the panning i just had to write one in support. i have a small business and use this every day! it's great, well designed and very user friendly. i run a carpet cleaning company and run basically every part of my business with this app.
waiting time.. impossible to connect it on my samsung tablet. very disappointing.
awesome. such a great package. it made my life so easy with the phone app that i can raise invoices and quotes on the go. it also makes your business look heaps bigger and professional by having proper invoicing that allows taking signature on quotes too. loving it.
could be better. it doesnt give you an option to enter a vendors bill on the app, its not convent to aways have to log onto a computer to enter a bill. you arent even able to review outstanding vendor bills etc on the mobil app
time saver. i highly recommend this app, specially for small business. quick, easy and in combination with service m8 it's all i need.
easy to use. simple setup easy to use self explanatory excellent for those on the go and still be able to run your bussiness a+++
hate the app. limited functionality of the app makes it virtually useless... unless i have access to a pic or laptop, i can't do all the things i need to do. the program itself is good, just not sure why the app hasn't caught up yet.
useless out in the field can't work off line. useless out in the field can't work off line and constantly wants you to refresh data. does not support star portable printers. waist of space on cell phone gave it a second try useless creating a invoice have to use search window to find items. had to go use desktop instead of my ipad pro because would of took all night to do a invoice.
. great app.
horrible photo receipt capture function. the recent update apparently changed the algorithm for identifying receipt paper boundary in a photo that makes no sense at all. two out of three times it only capture a useless fragment of the whole receipt which the makes entering receipts a horrible and utterly frustrating experience.
ios 10.01 update...... awful! not user friendly. keeps telling me to update safari to use program. still can't run checks!
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
small business owner. absolutely awful. i was forced to switch to online because of a fatal error of the desktop version on mac seirra. there are so many bugs and things that aren't available on online that were on the desktop. i literally call support for 2hrs a day.
awful. slow, takes ages to load photos, can only load one photo at a time. constant errors where the invoice will be paid twice
. great app. i manage my painting company from here ...
how to raise downloads by 10 times?. how to raise downloads by 10 times? service, daily installs can reach 3000+. ping me at skype& whatsapp:+8615282351612 facebook:aso888. every one can get a test promotion for 3 days now!
. little difficult to use interface can be made more user friendly but still very helpful app to use. definitely recommend ed for buying the package of available on discount
. the app doesnt refresh my inventory or reports as the update is done via the app or the website
great but how do i renew?. it says i need to renew or pay? i hit ok and try to go to the spot i need to but don't see anything. smthis happened while trying to make someone a receipt in person.
jp. very good app for any business
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app!
good. so far so good. wish more things were accessible on the app.
. love the app. really helps making estimates and sending email to customers. it can also keep up with profit and loss but i haven't been using it. habit of doing it myself
app crashes on ios13.0 & 13.1. i’ve just updated the app and it’s still crashing on ios13.0 and also 13.1. i have tried to make contact with the developers via the support page but it also loads to blank pages after opening chat.
. hello we want to use this software in india we have 5 branches under one company, i review your software but there is no location control for inventory system,we need all reports by branch wise and location wise is this possible, or if any alternative. please inform
". i laughed at one of the quickbooks employees response to the app being slow... they said their goal is to make it as convenient as the qbo app... lol lol bad comparison. online version is tragically slow, short of (what should be) obvious capabilities, even some quickbooks older versions have had for years. and, when challenged, their tech support essentially says ""we are quickbooks if you don't do it our way or using our workaround then you must be doing it wrong"""
"great app for distributors. we can invoice and deliver on the fly without having to go back to the office to capture the ""in the moment sales"". our accountant has access and was able to set our account up to match his categories for a fast and no worry tax prep."
another weak quickbooks mobile app. once again, with excitement i upgrade only to be letdown. when will intuit make a full function app? i love the message that tells me the function isn't't available for my device but i can access it from my pc...great, i'm still tied to my desk! why bother with the mobile app then??
. reasonable app, i don't ask much of it to be honest but being able to invoice onsite is nice. the feature for photographing receipts is pointless as you still have to enter all of the information anyhow, and it would be nice to be able to send a customer a statement from the app while i'm stood in front of them. i don't use the receive online payment option so i can't comment.
could be better. this online app could be a lot better. limited in what it can do, but not bad for the cost
great app. allows me to invoice on the fly. easy to get things done. i don’t have to be home to do them.
. very good online accounting software .please update with reports for android version.
easy of use. i think the app will be great once i figure out how it works.
recommend for one stop booking & accounting. i tried many softwares for accounting , the only reason i choose this platform because of its graphics & designs , the dashboard itself give you a ray of positivity , they design the dashboard and entire platform graphics in future aspect. apart from it there customer service is also and helpful. cheers !! ashutosh
great app. easy to use and very helpful
. does not work don't waste your time.
. excellent lots of options for writing reports and looking up data
when i am done, i am done!. as a contractor i love to do my estimates one time, hit convert to invoice one time, hit receive payment one time and i am done with my paperwork and money is heading my way before i leave the job site. when i get home i can just spend time with the family rather than swim through paperwork. great service!
very disappointed. ever since i updated it doesn't save my expenses and crashes a lot. very disappointed.
. best app ever for running a business. very accessible when you have time restraints.
poor software and worse support. software has limited features and the support agent gave me 3 different answers to 1 question. what hope does anyone else have with support like that. avoid this product
crashes when entering a sales receipt. i am new to quickbooks and am super frustrated i can’t enter a simple sales transaction. it crashes every time. disappointing
so efficient. love this software, especially the app!
now i don't need to use my desktop anymore. i use my phone for everything like checking emails and surfing the web etc. the only time i would use my desktop was to create invoices. well those days are over thanks to this app
crashed when entered a sales transaction. downloaded this app to see if i could use it instead of at a computer and the app crashed as soon as i tried to enter a sales transaction. i tried to enter in the receipt type and it crashed
great app. i love quickbooks online as well as the mobile application for iphone and ipad. i basically run my business from my tablet and smart phone. we truly are living in the future.
very frustrating. i can't understand why quickbooks refuses to put time tracking in their mobile app. time tracking is weak at best on a desktop but excluding it on mobile makes no sense. as a graphic designer who only sells time, this is close to worthless.
finally p&l support. very useful now with this feature. waited a long time.
. love the app feature! i'm getting work done on the bus!!!
complete waste of time.. 100% completely useless and a total embarrassment. in the year 2013 quickbooks is the only company left that cannot figure out how to make their full product work on an ipad. please fire your entire tech department and hire a high school kid with skills.
great app!. i love this app for the ease of use for my clients and me.
i like it because of the receipt picture. some areas need getting use to
function doesn't follow form.. 5 stars for functionality, subtract 4 stars because it's been 5 months and quickbooks still isn't optimized for iphone 6 or iphone 6 plus. the wasted space and bloated images are annoying; and the lack of willingness to adopt to new display resolutions makes me not want to invest in intuit products and services.
. easy to use, nononsense basic accounting software that even firsttimers like myself can master. smooth invoicing, affordable, all you could really ask for. not as fancy as se other accounting software out there but then again, for a sole trader like me, more than sufficient.
. dont bother if you dont have access to pc or laptop.basic features like editing customer email is not available on mobile devices including tablets.if an invoice isnt sent because the recipient email address sends it back,you have no way of knowing that an error has occurred even when attempting to check via any web browser.caused me £1000's of cashflow headache. contacted customer support,got a nonsensical response.made it sound like the problem is an actual feature of the app and software.
awesome product for small business!!. unbelievably convenient! from my imac, to my tablet, to my phone i can access, enter payment, send an estimate, or invoice, etc and it’s all connected because i have online quickbooks. hint: go they intuit directly! itunes was charging me an extra $5 a month. $19.99 a month they intuit and worth every penny!! biggest time saver + unsurpassed professionalism to my customers and speed of connectivity!!
. ccan it be helpful to a kenyan guy
total train wreck. importing data from bank has been a disaster. deposits into my bank accounts are showing up in quickbooks as expenses. my books are now impossible to balance.
quickbooks. excellent app, works great for my business.
doesn’t sync with quickbooks online account. the app isn’t syncing with online account data. was hoping to use the app for quick entry while on the go.
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
. we tried the free trial before purchasing.. quick books keeps changing my partially paid invoice to paid in full .. when i called tech support he told me to fix this problem its 129.00he was rude and started to raise his voice after i started hows it possible i have to pay that much for a free trial app when they are the ones causing the problem... quick books is no good.. and their tech support is the rudest customer service i've ever heard!
. stupid app crashs more often as than works
error when logging in. my first time logging in and it just say there was a error. i send the error log via mail. waiting...
. great small business app
fair app version, but not good as browser version. i’m not able to select item groups when creating an invoice. also im not able to enter sku when creating an item. neither im able to search items by sku info... they dont let you set a fixed price for an item group on any version of the software which o find really easy to implement by code which is dumb...
mileage tracker, not working. i have emailed for help, chatted with online help and nothing is solved. the last response i got from the chat support was “oh.” there is something wrong with the app not my phone. i can’t even save mileage manually, i get an error that says “try back later” i am paying $40month, this needs to work.
. problems sending invoices. update to customers from ipad doesn't always work. other issues. still a good app.
"super userfriendly. i love this app, as it is very easy to use even if you aren't completely accounting savvy. i would like to be able to setup ""reminder"" emails to clients who have past due invoices. other than that, i'm very happy with the features of this app."
best app yet. i manage my invoices and customers everywhere this is great. okay for the monthly cost.
. not very user friendly. can't preview invoices. can't load tax keeps giving errors. can't setup invoice layout with logo ect.... already paid in advance but can't use it.
"mostly useful. i like having access to my business via my smartphone, however not all features are available (reports) and some calculations don't seem to work properly. after adding payment for clients, the invoices entered afterward are not automatically attached to said payment  even though the overall balance on the account is recalculated. the invoices sit and show as ""unpaid"" even though the account balance is at zero."
. best accounting app (online software) by far
qb app. not useful as it could be as you can't enter a bill! not being able to enter a bill makes it useless to work from an ipad or tablet device.
". sucks!!! i've tried 8 times to sign up for the free trial & an ""error"" always pops out... :p"
really convenient. love this app. i'm trying it as a trial and i'm sold. we will be getting the monthly service for sure.
productive. one app that is recommended for everyone. it helps you become your own ca and with no knowledge one can start and keep everything on tips.
crashes 48 times per day. app crashes over and over, saying you need to log in again for critical updates. there are no updates availability, and deleting and reinstalling the app doesn’t help. it’s frustrating because it takes 20 minutes to enter customer information, because you need to finish and hit that save button before the next crash. best to just use quickbooks in the browser, even though that isn’t perfect. four stars with no crashes.
. it's a great program, not the most user friendly app ever but still a great appprogram.... the fees are high as well but depends on your situation if it's worth it to you or not...
. i haven't been able to update a draft invoice via mobile in over 2 years and it's been a known issue? instead of adding new reports all the time, work on the basics please.
time expense and mileage. great product. inconsistent functionality across desktop, iphone and ipad. for us professional service peeps can we have time expense and mileage please!
good app poor customer service. was trying to switch over my account settings and the representative i had helping me seemed very lost and wasn’t of any help. still confused on how to swap my account to a different package and receive refunds on duplicate charges. really quite frustrated. besides that the app itself provides the services i need.
works well. works great across all devices. very convenient. great time saver. excellent app.
very good!. really does help to keep everything at your finger tips, it's a convenient way to keep track of your earnings and invoices. one quick glance and you know where your company is at! 👍🏻
receipts no longer a 1 person job. if you purchase it, you expense it directly to qb! saves me, the accountant, hours. don't worry i can still reconcile to our bank and credit cards plus double check entries. never been so easy. only disadvantaged is i use a separate app to scan receipts versus a picture. scan is much more document friendly. maybe next release?!?!
not free : pricing hard to find. i'm a business person, not a gambler. a bit dodgy that pricing is only given after setup. like playing 3 card monty in an ally, not impressed.
great for my business. ❤️ this program
. very efficient, very useful
excellent online app. if you don't need all the features of the desktop version, this app is great. if you need to access your accounting remotely, then it is just the ticket. it will continue to get more features as time goes by which will only make it better.
great app. simplifies my paperwork, haven't noticed any bugs yet.
i like it.. this app is very user friendly. and makes it easy have an overview of how things are going, place orders. run quick reports etc.
no ability to schedule an invoice. we need to be able to schedule invoice sending setting up reoccurring transactions is not a way around this. will give 5 stars if this feature is developed
indispensable tool. all business owners should have a mobile app that makes finances easier to manage. this is one of them. thank you intuit!
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
. i just got the program so far i really like it
. experience several issues with the mobile app.
doesn’t always work. says it can’t show details on invoices. annoying.
"problematic app. upon originally downloading this app i was pleased. for the first 24hrs. i was impressed. then, i ""sent"" an invoice which the customer never received. next, it failed to update or sync with my account. when i attempted to update manually it chronically reported an error sighting that i should check my internet connection. frustrated, i uninstalled and reinstalled the app. now, it doesn't stay open for long before saying it stopped unexpectedly. i've reported every error without receiving any feedback."
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
. not free at all.. they take your valuable information such as email and phone numbers.. then say its 30 days trial.. you will have to pay to get this apps.. many of good free accounting apps are available in play store..
. smooth interface. easy invoicing.
qb online improved cash flow  piano studio. i own a busy piano studio and quickbooks online changed my business from the first month using it. clients are 98% on time paying now, versus a 40% late rate prior when i invoiced on paper. my invoices are easy to send out and create quick reminders. they look professional, too!
keeping it together. love this app it really helps me keep my books in order.
yes please. great program, easy to use. perfect for startups!
. downloaded this app 3 times and still close as soon as it opens. hard to use in the field if i can not get in.
excellent app. make life way easy for small business
. best accounting app.
solid gold. the transition to the new version was almost unbearably rough, but i am so happy with this platform for my staff + i. still the gold standard, looking forward to more compatible apps...
. excellent app
highly recommend. i highly recommend this app. i run my business with quickbooks online and use this app daily. i use it to create estimates and invoices mostly but also look up look up costumers balances and run reports.
organized. been in business for 20 years and been using this app for a year. love it. still lots beyond my abilities and i wish there was a little more help in the app for the accounting inept like me but i just bring the app to my accountant and they can pull all the data needed. recommend it. see sales, cost, accounts receivable at any given moment.
app is crap. the quickbooks app very rarely lets us sign in and when it does many of the functions do not work. i’ve contacted customer service which is a complete joke. their suggestion was to check out the message board to see who else may have the problem we have! why? how about fix the problem!
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
. so easy to use and realized how much i've been spending. really hurting profits. now i can minimize expenses and increase profits. worth every penny!!!!
power super app. superb..safe my time
ios 13; don’t do it!. if you need this app to work correctly do not upgrade to ios 13 yet! many bugs... my worst bug: can’t look at any customer info anymore, does not work. yes i uninstalled and reinstalled...
great for small startup. just started using the app as the business grows it has been easy to track travel expenses and everything else we need to keep growing.
great system. quickbooks online has made my life loads easier and less stressful many thanks
. great software!!
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
business owner. used desktop for years and now after switching to imac and iphones this app is perfect and couldn't be easier. recommend this to anyone looking for an accounting app.
great for what i need to do. also does payroll!. overall pretty decent. it has everything i need. though there are so things that aren't user friendly and not exactly customizable. all in all, definitely would recommend it!
lacks features that is available online. i couldn't even adjust my personal profile. after customer service told me to get online and do it they still couldn't get me in it. they told me to request a refund on here. i emailed you for the refund. please refund
worse than useless. i downloaded this app as use quickbooks daily, the pc software is great! the apple app is such a waste of time, i can’t access any reports and the info it does show me is a waste of my time just a load of numbers that don’t mean anything. no thought has gone into this app i suspect it’s just a tick box exercise creating an app...
"not working. i just downloaded it and it said it was free. it sent me a verification code. when i went back to the app now it is saying i have no subscription. i wish it could have said that in the begging because now my business email is ""registered"" and i can't find a way to delete my email address from this program."
". generally very good, one problem when sending invoices it says ""invoice number"" as opposed to saying actual invoice #. not an issue if sending from pc."
"cumbersome. cumbersome and clunky to deal with. constantly checking to make sure i'm not a robot. security is appreciated but this is ridiculous and really slows me down. used to be good but got updatedtweaked""improved"" past the point of being useful. now i dread having to use it."
brilliant!. after years of using outdated and under performing sage software, finally i can use a truly mobile cloud based app that fulfils all the needs of a small business. come change of tax year make the switch, it's easy and you will wish you had done it years ago.
. this makes invoicing and estimates no long such an impossible chore.
great except one thing.. i like everything except when the app times out while i’m trying to save an invoice that took me 5 minutes to write up!! and no when it does that it doesn’t save the invoice. other than that it’s good.
handyman. love it
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. doesn’t launch the app please fix asap
. i've been using quickbooks for about 15 years. i recently switched from the desktop version of the software to online, and that's ok. this, on the other hand, feels clunky and difficult to manage. i still use it because we're so entrenched in the quickbooks family, but based on this mobile app, i'd definitely look for alternatives of i as starting now.
simply outstanding. i'm floored by the convenience and utility of this app. good work, intuit!
qb. use it for my farm. fantastic app
great app. i personally find the app easier then the desktop version. everything is quick and easy to do. raise an invoice or estimate instantly and see your bank account balance. great.
. this app was needed a year ago!. i don't know how i started the business without it. mature and reasonably fixable! best finance app in industry. works countries outside us and canada. say saudi arabia
easy to use. the quickbooks app is quick and easy to use.
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
great app. makes life easy. one addition will make it perfect. add journal entry to the app.
brilliant app. quickbooks is an amazing app. i'm an electrician with a small business, so i need something quick and easy when i'm in the field. entering expenses and creating invoices is so easy on my tablet andor phone saving me hours per week. great work...i'm very impressed!
excellent. j ai fait l essai d un mois et je suis conquis ! très bonne application très complète et simple à customiser  la fonction liée au comptes est aussi très pratique m évite de recopier toutes mes dépenses à la main
. i love this app
features bugged and gets worse every time they update it. transactions page on ios 13 doesn’t respond atall, you can categorise and transactions or match payments. stop updating the app when you haven’t tested it thoroughly... it’s getting to the point i’m going to start looking elsewhere.
need more. please update so we can have access to more info. products and services, reports, etc.
good application. very useful and handy app. thanks qb
discount. one of the best accounting software on the market. the only think that maybe can be added is the discount feature on the invoice.
needs purchase orders. work in the construction industry and the biggest nightmare is a po system. you can create them online but this app does not allow for po generation which is a huge draw back. if this could be added in it would be a 5 star but till that get added it's very limiting.
. fantastic app to keep track of all my construction expenses, so much simpler being able to log expenses straight from phone.
. awful software!! support is ridiculous. 6 month of transactions went missing. now have to buy software for $80 to convert pdf to qbo files and upload manualy. what a mess. try something else, not trust worthy.
good app. very detailed , im no pro @ accounting but i am teaching myself this app. its very in depth and i like it.
love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update. love quickbooks hate new limited invoice styles update
superbly designed. having used two competitors' products before, i've been very pleasantly surprised with quickbooks. it's really easy to use but, at the same time, it has lots of really helpful features. the app is well designed but my only gripe is that i am sometimes unable to login. the problem usually corrects itself after a while, but it's a bit annoying when i need it at the time. nevertheless, the product is so good that this doesn't even bother me much.
app not working  version 4.3.3. app not able to connect. consistently showing ‘temporary unavailable'
not that good. only useful if you want to look something up quick as it is missing tons of features from the desktop site. will be using it no problem for a few minutes then it will log me out and ask for my password all over again.
. monthly charge. i'm sure the app works great, but there's no mention of a fee until they have your information.
"no problems so far. i've only been using for about a week but no issues yet. i do wish qb would add a ""orders"" option that could then be invoiced."
life saver. apart from the fact i have to input my password every time, this app is a great compliment to the version i use on my laptop. so easy to use, can invoice on the spot. very happy.
convenient. great app now i can do the books from anywhere
ipad in the name?. really. can't use with mac? get out of apple app store. waste of time 😒😑
. the software is easy to get started with. however, matters such as how to generate p45, p60, issuing dividends, needs improvement.
great app. very good photo function. so, no need to save receipt.
. very good and useful!
i is a app every body need .. back ground check one of my friend die yesterday ok lady's meet men online.
. best app i've ever used for my small business and i've tried others out there in this was probably one of the best.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. still needs more options with mobile and ipad. one for sure needs to have bank account option on payment received
. great app and can finally look at my invoices on the job.
only a trial. would have been nice to know it was a trial only, i saw the in app purchase option but no where did it say trial.
pool guy. quickbooks forced me to update from our quickbooks mobile windows invoicing system to quickbooks mobile with only five days notice. this was very poorly planned by quickbooks and put us in a bind. however the new quickbooks mobile online system is truly fantastic and offers many more powerful features and ease of accessibility. recommendation: this app needs the ability to create a monthly statement that i can email from my phone to my customers. currently i can only do this from a laptop.
. doesn't work on my dell tablet. called customer support in january and they said software glitch should be fixed in two weeks. it's been two months and still not working!
doesn't work. app crashes on load and while logging in. pretty useless so far. :(
only for ar. this app pretty much just acts as a payments rec'd recorder. has no other functionality that i can see. need to enter vendor invoices on the go so it would be nice if , even if it doesn't have full functionality, you could at least handle vendors and customers on the go.
my business has transformed.. i have received multiple compliments from my customers regarding my new invoices and estimates.
garbage update. please test all your updates before releasing them to paying clients!!! invoicing issues, client search issues, expense issues, wth!!!
president. i’m busy right now trying to invoice, from customer service to user friendly software qb is on point for the business man. love the service for sure.
awesome. the app provides an excellent opportunity to update all expenditures to find out exactly what's in my bank account anywhere i have signal for my phone.
useful app for sure. thanks for the refresh feature, will definitely make my job easier. 5 stars.
crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.. crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
great app.. great app
. excellent app.
most productive app. using this app on my iphone and ipad hs made my life so much easier! i've been able to invoice my customers without having to lug me laptop around. truly an awesome app!
. great app. very functional.
useless app. mileage tracking is grossly inaccurate, way too many inadequacies and limitations on the invoicing and accounting features. this app is a joke. i tried it for several months and have lost money as a result of it's shortcomings. the positive reviews here must be fake. do your research and search the web for accurate reviews. i recommend everlance as a better option.
comptabilité mobile. félicitations pour l'intégration comptabilitémobilité. tout ce fait en un clin d'œil pour la gestion de base d'une entreprise. bien entendu on a besoin d'un bon plan comptable et connaître les notions de base de la comptabilité. un peu trop dispendieux à mon avis...
need ipad update. the ipad app should be as capable as the desktop version. when are we going to see this? iphone app is pretty stout but the ipad app needs update and soon.
now works with ios13. just updated ios 13 app appears to be working on ios13.
awesome. a great app that i use frequently to help organize my buisness
great app for small business!. i love being able to enter my expenses and invoices from my phone. very convenient and makes tax time much easier!
bad user interface. the service doesn’t fully integrate with mobil usage. paying for the payroll service and can’t even use it. garbage, waste of money.
disappointing app. you can’t really do anything productive in this application. it’s extremely limited in functionality.
. not support in india
. brilliant app filled with bugs. trying to email invoices and get endless waiting screen. try and update contact details and it cant upload the details. sort it out or im off as im sure most others will be.
great for mobile services. i'm a computer technician and i use this to send a invoice or estimate for clients. quickbooks has a brand name which is good when you email your clients a invoice, it looks very professional. the best thing about this app is the cloud base syncing of your invoice, clients, income and expenses. it's worth the money if you want good quality invoices for your clients.
$12.95 a month = free ???. misleading. first month free, then 12.95 a month. my bank is free for these types of services. i'm not happy that i wasted my internet gigabytes on a download that i can't afford. unprofessional. if i could afford i wouldn't pay just because you don't explain that clearly before someone downloads. poor business
app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 .. app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 . customer service had no clue
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
can't log in on nexus 5x. i haven't been able to log in on my nexus 5x for 23 months (maybe longer). i can get to the login screen and put in my credentials, but when i click next it errors. tried uninstalling and reinstalling. even installed a qb app update recently if i remember correctly. still can't log in. tried emailing info to support, but i still have the same problem. i can login from my computer or ipad mini just fine.
awesome. amazing app perfect
almost usless. the app does not show all the info like logging in from a pc. also scrolling up or down on a page is very glitchy. quickbooks has a lot of work to do on making this app useful.
easy accounting for nonaccountants. i am not an accountant by training, so many of the concepts were foreign to me when i first started using quickbooks. however the simple format, and easeofuse made it an easy transition for me to do most simple accounting techniques. i was able to quickly use it and soon it became an essential business analysis tool and essential for forecasting and trending.
terrible experience with customer support. we had terrible experience with customer support. for a very important issue we contact qb customer support team, we wait for 6 days an never respond our request. for this incident we can't bill our invoices. we hate our experience. consider customer support if your company needs help.
randy. can i m merge my quick books pro info into this app
pretty good. the app allows you to record expenses on the go as they happen. nice to be able to balance the books as you go along instead of waiting until you are back at your computer. :)
. great used old quick book enjoying this although i don't find it as easy to navigate my way around.
app not working. all how i enter the correct username and password it is say that i am unable to sign in please try again later. however the app works fine on my android. is there a problem with the ios version of this app
awesome app. easy to use and very convenient
. great app
not for the ipad or iphone. the app does not support stp... have to access using web browser on ipad iphone . so don’t buy the app if you want to use it for stp. browser access using an ipad pro , you won’t be able to scroll down or access command icons because they are beyond the margins of the ipad screen. can’t finish inputting categories because the screens won’t scroll at all
wish it had outlook. awesome app. i wish i could send emails through outlookhotmail instead of gmail. if there is a fix please advise.
. if this app doesn't work in india why do showing many ads popup and videos and why did you uploaded on playstore india platform
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
love it!!!. i am a tile contractor and use this app everyday. i love the latest update where the customer can sign the estimate.
great app!. this app is so convenient for my type of work. it would be nice to have a few more features like search for more then just a customers name. maybe an address or phone number. i expect it to come in future updates. thanks again!
stopped recognizing transactions. after the last update it stopped recognizing transactions. even after the manual editing, still does not add them to my income. the same with the desktop app. the only difference is that the manual editing works on desktop.
. i love the app! there are a few updates i'd like to see on the estimates and order entry fields but it's still saves so much time. it really has changed the way i do business. great app and program.
too sophisticated for just personal budgeting. i have been using quickbooks since 2006 and its predecessor before 2006. i only use it for my personal budgeting of 14 bank accts, 10 mortgages and 6 credit card transactions. sometimes i cannot figure out how to enter a transaction (transfers between accts, accepting matching transactions, credit card individual transactons versus balance payment) without creating a double entry or it cancelling out an entry. love, love, love the online version that i can access via iphone.
. this app keeps getting error loading items, to invoice and estimates can't use it. i call them for support and they have no support they referred me to log in on the web site and the same happens the search button flashes and dispensers. don't waste your time and money. if any one know about a good and reliable app let me know. this one is not reliable nor is their support.
not so good. it keeps hanging up with an error message not connected to the internet. not very useful for business.
simply perfect. this program allows us to work and function mire effectively
works amazing! i love being able to attach pictures right to my expenses when i enter them. it is also really nice to be able to enter expenses on the road. it makes bookkeeping a lot easier!
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
after ios 13 update. after updating to ios 13 the app is not opening and i couldn’t use it.... please look into it and give us a solution
. love that i can create invoices and estimates on the go. although i would like to manage payroll wirelessly.
excellent app for my business. works wonderfully!
. awesome app that assists me to carry out my personal finance activities
a pretty good app. update: they added deposits! it does everything i need now, upgrading to 5 star! all in all, this is a pretty great app. it does just about everything i need it to while on the go, but it is missing one key piece of functionality. it does not allow the recording of deposits and that is really important for me. other than that it functions flawlessly and has never given me any trouble. overall, i love it!
fantastic app for a superb product!!. i've been using quickbooks since i began my private voice and piano studio. i am able to easily track invoices and payments and send reminders to my students and their parents. the app has helped me save time when adding payments so i can focus my time on my students. i also love how i can send receipts and reminder invoices even when i am on the run! definitely a 5 star product & app!
". i laughed at one of the quickbooks employees response to the app being slow... they said their goal is to make it as convenient as the qbo app... lol lol bad comparison. online version is tragically slow, short of (what should be) obvious capabilities, even some quickbooks older versions have had for years. and, when challenged, their tech support essentially says ""we are quickbooks if you don't do it our way or using our workaround then you must be doing it wrong"""
. this app is horrible. why make something so bad? it needs a complete overhaul. i can't email receipts to an inbox, income transactions don't show gst amount like expenses, i can't view pdf receipts. it's just all round ugly and cumbersome and i've only used it for five minutes. i thought the xero app was bad but it's 5 stars compared to this trash. deleted.
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
the best software. is the best accounting software , is easy to use ,
software de gestão. excelente e rápido! me ajuda muito! parabéns! pequenas coisas precisam de ajuste mas que não atrapalham em nada. podem usar!
so good. best account software available
excellent!!. does everything it's supposed to
. app banking does not work on android pixel 3. crashes as its loading transactions. i called quickbooks and got the runaround, didnt take my issue seriously. stuck using computer
. can no longer open app, error returned from client
works good. makes business life easier and works great.
please stop making my sign in. every other fingerprint authentication app on my phone (banking, password manager, file managers) does not nag me to log in via password every other day. why does this app do so? please fix.
. the online version of quickbooks works well, but the app is terrible. we are in 2018 and the apps still can't do anything useful. why can't we have the same functions and features as the online version. i want to be able to view all my reports at any time. easily key in transactions. the app needs some serious work. no joke.
. horrible, did not notify of subscription issue. data entered not commited to database. double charged my credit card. terrible customer server (james) experience, nothing resolved
. good app
confusing. the guidance on using the app and getting the most from it is not very good  for someone starting out like me, i'm struggling with this.
great timesaver. i used the free app and i have made up my mind that i will be purchasing this for my small construction business.
. easy to use accounting software
worthless. i have never once been able to generate a p&l for a board meeting. the reporting function just does not work, which is the most useful part of accessing this program through a browser. also, even though i can enter a sales receipt, doing deposits from the + does not work and i am unable to make corrections that are relatively simple from the browser. this platform provides no service at all.
"sam. i havent logged in since. when i just launch the app, it says ""device offline"" everytime. although i use alll other apps smoothjy, why this? i even tried deleting it and downloading again..."
. love this app, keeps track of all my expenses and payments from clients. easiest way to do estimates and invoices as well.
how bad????. i would love to write a review, but as i've been trying to get this app to log in to my online account for 5 months now it's going to be a little difficult. but not as difficult as trying to get any customer support for this app. i could write a whole book on how impossible that is. so so disappointed. no help with this problem what so ever. frustrated!!!!!
. great app
. great app
error. error showing while signing in
. great app.
great app but one major flaw. overall this is a fantastic app that allows me to keep up on my books. there is one thing that is extremely annoying though.. the camera and auto crop feature is terrible! please don't assume my images need to be cropped because the tool cuts off the image most of the time. maybe make this optional?
good. they fixed most of the problems and added features i suggested and i am happy with the results
works well but can’t see inventory level in app. would be helpful if i could check inventory levels without going to web, other than that pretty handy app
crashing in ios 13. crashing in ios13 can’t even open the app .. having trouble managing my business
best business app. i never write reviews but had to for quickbooks. absolutely love. couldn't run my business without it. have recommend it to everyone.
new update is awful. the newest update is so awful! i can't post things on my invoices, i can't email invoices, nothing! it acts like it is doing it, but then it freezes and tells you to refresh before making changes. i refresh, make the change again, and it gives me the same message again. awful update!
email issue. when emailing invoicesestimates with other attachments the quickbooks attachment doesn't go through
. app freezes and crashes several times a day. the photo receipt scan feature is probably the biggest culprit. even simple things like updating my business contact information yields an error message which is usually followed by a crash. the mac version of qbo isn't any better. similar issues there. very clunky, buggy applications. too much time spent troubleshooting. time for an alternative.
app crashes ughhh. app crashes after you sign in. please fix!
great tool. i love it. simple and reliable.
capturing expenses? approving transactions?. really nothing no support for the consultant on the go? why can't i shoot a picture of a receipt put a dollar value a catagory and a note and have it either for review or added to my expenses. what about my transaction list i can't see the same information from the full website here at all. throw us a bone man....
. so far not happy. it doesn't show my address nor phone number on quotations and i can't find a way to make it do so. also states 30 day free, then gives me a measly 24 hrs from the time of install to save with a monthly discount. ok, i'll bite. they immediately sucked my first monthly payment. where's this 30 day free trial? biggest thing is its extremely limited and not ready for prime time. poor release.
. awesome app
. nice app
great app. great on the go accounting application
amazing. it is a great app. so powerful i can do my full estimate and invoice and the best feature entering in my receipts for expenses and it's so easy!
love online access. i love that i can access from anywhere. i like the desktop version better than the online version, but still a good program for a small business.
doesn’t work. i have an iphone 8 and all of a sudden this app stops working. i call quickbooks and they can’t fix it. they closed the case in one day. don’t walk away from this company, run away.
. absolutely useless!! you cannot access anything except invoicing and payments. un installing right now! what a waste!
. super app
great app. easy to use and very intuitive...
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
impressed.. very impressed with how far intuit has taken the qb online product, and this app is a nice extension of that! all the talk of cloud and mobile being the future..is now thanks to this cloud product. i refer many accountants in my network the qbo accountant version, which is the best solution for most small businesses in my opinion.
lots of errors.. there are a lot of bugs with qbo, and my accountants have noted errors in the reports. apparently qb is aware but haven't resolved the issues. we have also had numerous glitches in the program  including not being able to log into our account (only being able to log into my accountant's page). this issue has been ongoing for over 18 months without resolution. overall qbo has great potential if it only worked properly.
buggy. try to submit feedback and can’t within the app. they removed the quantity column from invoices and their support is dismissive. this is a big company who price gouges and doesn’t really care about it’s customers.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
. would be nice if the app would recognize the info on the receipt when you take a pic of it
meh. so slow loading new pages invoice templates are ugly hard to view invoice view doesn’t quite seem “google” more like a government website that got a makeover
don't bug me for reviews. the title says it
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution update; tried your solutions and emailed the error to support multiple times no response. i created another trial account and that one retrieved data no issue. it just wont retrieve data on mobile from my actual company account.
game changer. totally transformed my business. really great software, so informative and nice community to support you. no brainer. can't believe i'm raving about accountancy software!
won't allow adding services to invoice. i called tech support because i could not create an invoice for a customer. they had me uninstall & reinstall qbo app. it still wouldn't work. he said they're aware of the problem. it's still not fixed a week later.
. this app has made my life much easier while handling my business accounts!
only us users. only support for us companies. what about the nonus users?
. it is simple to use
great business program. great program and user friendly! dont like that get charged everytime payments recieved online it becomes very costly as it adds up think this is wrong and hard enough on a business owner but overall best program to run small business or any business
pretty good. app is pretty good for on the fly.
very good and getting better!. qbo has been a great addition to our company and has many great features over qb desktop. there are some bugs to work out but i'm very happy so far with the online application.
. excellent app
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
. recently started my own business and needed to create invoices, very easy to use and helps empower the growth of my business at anytime!
not happy. doesnt let me connect my bank (santander) asks for a code that i dont know or my bank 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️ useless
don’t rate before use. fantastic app. easy life. worth giving it a try.
awwwwwwsomw. great app totally get it
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
sssloooow so very slow. latest update takes forever to load splash screen about 8 seconds then face id happens fast then loading data: no problems. just takes for ever on the front side to get going.
easy to use and great for tracking transactions. navigation is straightforward and the software updates quickly
great system easy to use. i really like the online version better than the windows. the app is easy to use there's some issues with it though, i would ole like it better if you could use and access every thing as if you were on your computer. i don't always have time to sit down at the desk and go threw every thing.
simply the best. so simple to use and makes more time free for myself
hassled. having a negative experience trying to connect bank account. tried the right credentials and still not getting anywhere. waste of time.
meh, no project profitability reports in the app. as a construction business all our accounting revolves around p&l reports per project. the onlinedesktop app gives us the project report but the app does not, which makes the app pretty much useless. our best solution is to login to our qbo account through safari on the phone to see the real time project profitability, shouldn’t the app do that?
can not do custom invoice numbers. the app can not do custom invoice numbers. i have had the app for two months and paying the monthly fees and have not been able to send out my first proper invoice. i have asked support and they come back with instructions to go to certain settings that do not exist on the app.
keshav. it is a beautiful software. very flexible and user friendly. it made my work so simple. thanks to quick books!
. can't access my quick books account from my phone. worked fine for a month now when i need it it doesnt work.
hi. app don't work
utter crap. if i could give no stars i would app crashes all the time won't send invoices to customers i have had for years have been struggling on with quickbooks for several years but now can't take the frustration anymore caused by this utter waste of money.
productivity. love all the intuit products. helps run my business professionally. been able to do my own scorp taxes and payroll for a couple years now. saving me thousands over a cpa and payroll company like in previous years. business owner now for 26 years
. it wont open. keeps playing up and wont let me cancel my subscription
. easy to create invoices in the field
not easy to use. simple tasks like entering a transaction are complex. app and online qb have a slow response when tapping things. just overall frustrating trying to switch from desktop qb to the app and online qb.
useless  data download errors. the app worked great for the past couple years and now all the sudden it keeps crashing when trying to download my data. i own a mobile business and now i'm having to preplan and print invoices before i show up because the app is useless.
poor design. very hard to navigate and understand. customer service only works bankers hours and not when you need them.
please fix. 1. when creating an estimate or invoice you can not add the project location. 2. also i have an item for notes on my estimates which should not show any price numbers (0.00) 3.i can not edit the way estimates  invoices look. i try it in android and apple both apps have the same problem. if you fix that the app will be perfect.
. terrible. does not recognize my company credit card as a credit card, add o i couldn't add expense charged to it. doesnt recognize my cash account from my chart of accounts for when i tried to apply a cash receipt. clearly not ready for prime time.
poor. this app makes very poor use of the screen real estate of phablet style phones and even worse on ipads. they also removed the comma from the keyboard, so adding additional email addresses to a customer is impossible. generally a poor design, this app is years behind where i should be.
. very useful software all customers use
. as someone who is constantly on the go, i have minimal access to a desktop computer. this app makes it easy to invoice and record payments right from my phone whether i can make it to the office or not
killer app. killer service.. the app is great, arguably better than the online version. great for keeping track of transactions and uploading photos of receipts.
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wasted almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
". very disappointed considering i do use the online quickbooks on a daily basis. i installed the app. signed in. then came up with an error message. tried to log in again and it keeps coming up with ""signing in..."" but nothing is happening. 10 minutes later, app uninstalled!!!"
यह ऑफलाइन में काम नहीं करेगा क्या? सॉफ्टवेर ऐसा बनाओ जो ऑफ़ लाइन में भी काम करे. not working in off line yeh off line me kam nahin kar raha hain
great app!. easy to navigate and great to have access with you at all times. love it!
great app. easy accounting program to implement and run with. great to have access across all my devices.
". downloaded the app to be able to view estimates and invoices from phone while i'm away from my computer and someone calls wanting to know ""how much did we have in this job or that job"" well, the app is prettt useless when you have hundreds of estimates out and you're trying to find a particular one , but there is no ""search"" tool to look for what you're trying to find."
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. edit: the developers comment below doesn't work as of 130619
great compliment to qb online. been using qb for over 10 years. recently switched to online and added this app. amazing ease of use and highly functional.
. stan f. would be great if it has signature capture so that a customer can sign the invoice or receipt. the ipad version has the signature capture feature but quickbooks wants 12.99 per month just to be able to use the ipad app and other 27.00 per month for the online essentials account. thats 480.00 per year just to be able to get a signature capture feature that is only available for the ipad version. quickbooks too primitive
buggy ios13. error email too long amount to high invoice can't add customers via contact address book goes dark probably a lot of other issues .
invoices. i would like to be able to sort the invoices as they come in by day.
. the online version of quickbooks works well, but the app is terrible. we are in 2018 and the apps still can't do anything useful. why can't we have the same functions and features as the online version. i want to be able to view all my reports at any time. easily key in transactions. the app needs some serious work. no joke.
drat! not even close. this has no more functionality than the mobile ap, very disappointing! access to the banking tab & registers to make and receive payments, along with access to the entire vendor tab & reporting would be helpful. i am not sure why intuit focused its efforts on creating an app that imports images & info from social networking sites intead of focusing on making better functionality of what it actually takes to run a business.
extremely limited. to be honest, this app does almost nothing i would want it to do. if all you want to do is record payments or call a business contactgreat. if you actually want to keep up with your business (banking, reports, employees, payroll, etc) on the go, this app is near useless. i can't imagine why you would pay to use this. even free i am deleting right away so it doesn't waste any more of my time or space.
great app. love the details and ability to invoice or add customers on the go!
. origionally i wanted to use this app for easy application of spreadsheets and invoices, unfortunately when everything wasn't working out for me, i decided to pull the plug and cancel my subscription. unfortunately, it is hard to get a cancellation and stop the reoccurring payments and it has brought me here. i would recommend that you guys make it easier for others to manage your subscription accounts.
. takes way to long to update between quick books online.
stay well away!. worst software i have used to date. zero customer service. ignores all complaints. takes forever to load. constant problems. not user friendly.
. not for me and now i can't unsubscribe or delete account please delete account i don't want it and your unsubscribe tool does not work.
downloading company data 247. when the app works it’s good and the recent updates have proved helpful. however 9 times out of 10 i am unable to use this app. it is constantly in a state of downloading my company data and while i do this all i can do is wait. very frustrating. as a result i have access qb through chrome on my phone and that has a number of rendering issues.
. perfect app for my realty estate business.
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
great!. continues to impress and improve on this very useful app. i use it daily for bids, invoices and expenses. the addition of the ability to record expenses and photograph receipts has made my life so much more easy. and to be able to quickly add clients, easy estimates and quick invoices and finally receive payments is unbelievable and wonderful.
app crashes on ios 9 and ios 10. when i click on support it takes you to a web page that also does not work properly. do you have email support ?
. a great program for anyone with their own business. its a small price to pay to be able to stay organized and keep your business on track. rated 4 stars because their is still a couple of stiff areas that need improvement but could be that i dont completely understand the program in those areas.
. works great until about a week ago. now i can't save anything from the app it won't sync basically nothing is working right with the app. i even tried installing it on another android phone and had identical problems. don't bother trying to call customer service they say they have nothing to do with the app and that's it.
beware!. beware quickbooks is not software it’s ransomware. they force you to upgrade every two years and the price of the upgrade is the same price as a new one.
ouickbooks. setting up this quickbooks app is a joke , the system does not work and customer support has an attitude that is not willing to help!
like it so far!. at this point i have only used the free trial version of this app. i like it. i do wish that it was linkable to my bank account or at least had a register like the software version i have used in the past but i am still going to buy the full version.
. great app
brilliant. used other software apps before now and this one knocks socks off them, can access all my account details and add bills and send invoices so much easier during the day now, knocks about 30minutes a night off my admin
wonderful app!!!. couldn't sing the praises high enough. i run a small, single member managed llc and the quickbooks online app is everything i need. i can create and send invoices and sales receipts on the go, even have the customer sign right on my iphone or ipad.
not reliable. app logged you out while you’re still driving or doesn’t log you when you need it to. this used to be a great app but then this glitch happen with it not logging in and logging you out when you don’t want it to and when you contact customer service there’s no help other than delete the app and redownload it relogin yeah that doesn’t work.
needs lots of work. very hard to use app. many options are hidden or unavailable so you are stuck and wind up doing the work through a browser instead
ok.. maybe i'm just used to regular qb's but i'm having a hard time with this. and why is it i have access to more on the computer than the app? other than that is great. very helpful.
beyond useless. i have long been frustrated by intuit's decision to bar users on ipads from accessing any real functionality in quickbooks. i thought this app might address that problem, but it does not. it does not offer anything useful to me.
convenient and efficient. this app allows me to create invoices and collect for my plumbing services in the field and takes care of the book keeping simultaneously! i can also email the invoice to my customer instantly, which my customers seem to appreciate.
unusable.. i'm required by my work to use this appwebsite, and it is completely unusable. after confirming my account via email and twice by text message i get an error message when i try to login. the website also does not function no matter what browser i use on my phone. what a joke.
do not update to ios 13. if you rely on the app, don’t update to ios 13 until they make it compatible. it crashes on startup after face id.
no bill?. come on, we can do all things with expense and nothing with bills? bills are the big part of our business expenses from our vendors. they are not even added to the total expense on the summary dashboard, how can we really tell how our business is doing when a big chunk of cost not appearing? please include the ability to enterviewedit bills asap.
. takes care of everything for me makes life so much easier!
quick books. awsome app. helps when your always on the go.
good program. wish i could see if my estimates were “viewed”, like my invoices.
no purchase orders. for years now quickbooks has withheld the ability to create purchase orders through the mobile app. this is a huge issue for our company and it is quite frustrating that qb has willfully omitted this feature. i wish there was a way to convince qb to change course on this decision...
. i was scared to switch from spreadsheets to quickbooks because i thought it would be hard to use. it's not. it makes everything easier. it also made me realize my spreadsheets were way off. a good investment for small business owners.
. i would like to create, edit and update projects in the app. thanks
. love the app. can do work any place.
seems great so far. this is what i've been waiting for so i can invoice my jobs right on the spot. a few months on and yup this app is amazing works perfectly for what i need.
messed it up with update. i don't like that invoices send through intuit, nor that the app no longer integrates with gmail for emailing clients. please get rid of the pretty colors and fix the functionality. this update really makes the app much harder to use.
. great app. really good for when you are on the road.
lacking bank register. i don't really touch the other features, i'm solely interested in coding bank transactions when i have a few minutes spare. cannot be done via this app.
. being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. any chance of this being resolved. please note i have tried multiple phones and it is near impossible on mobile browser. trying to keep keyboard up is a nightmare.
. simple and easy, useful for quick invoicing on the go.
super cool. i have it with me know on the go and the reporting is also cool. had some challenges as the i initially bought the app through apple but once the i was migrated, problem was solved. i can't stop talking about this app to friends and colleagues. is there a bonus for referring people?
can't log in?. login problems because i used turbotax. it says i already have an account but won't let me log into quickbooks because i don't have an account!?!
useless. takes too long to add a simple expense.
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
only if it had bank register :(. that's my only complaint. other than that this app perfectly suits my needs
. i like most everything about it except for not being able to save my invoices where and with what name i want
. great app
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
. excellent app.
. can't get any email response from quickbooks. bad customer service. i want to download my account transactions but no reply from quickbooks.
. unable to see customer payment transactions and limited functionality. unable to generate detailed customer statements.
. makes life so much easier, i can input paymentsreceipts from the couch...ideal!
amazing. it is a great app. so powerful i can do my full estimate and invoice and the best feature entering in my receipts for expenses and it's so easy!
. makes my business easier and efficient
app keeps crashing. even when i try to leave feedback the app crashes. no issues on desktop.
great app. easy to use app. very user friendly. a must have for small business owner
cannot drill down for info. why bother making an app if you can't drill down for information? i am able to have full functionality with our hosted data base, so why can't intuit make this happen? i love intuit's products, so this is most disappointing.
. really quick and simple set up. easy to use. no problems so far. perfect for a small business.
good app. very detailed , im no pro @ accounting but i am teaching myself this app. its very in depth and i like it.
. user friendly
fantastic. this program is fantastic! i use it to run my wife’s business and our clients loves it
. for 80% of what i would like this app to do its great not bad
hong leong connect first. i don’t get to link to my leong connect first account. please fix this so that i use it right away. my sister told me this app is superb.
small business owner. absolutely awful. i was forced to switch to online because of a fatal error of the desktop version on mac seirra. there are so many bugs and things that aren't available on online that were on the desktop. i literally call support for 2hrs a day.
organization. finally found a way to do things faster and keep me organized!! with qb app i can easily go into my account and make an invoice, pay a bill, and add my deposits as soon as i do them without waiting until i'm in my office to do everything.
. very useful business tool
fantastic!!!. brilliant app. never even noticed the expenses bit so will have to fill this out for the year. absolutely brilliant. first class
jason marquez. this app according to me is best as it's not that complicated and makes my business easy, i've not used any other accounting app so i consider this very easy for any layman who is not very good in accounting. it could have had few more options like individual job closing so to get more accurate and decrease the paper work.
needs more bank options. this app doesn’t support my bank (becu) si in that case it’s worthless to me. please refund my money thank you!
great app!. i already loved qb...the app makes my business run even more efficient and allows me to pull up customers bills on the spot or estimates where they can sign. very convenient.
love the app, but price is too high. i love the app, but when will the price increases stop. as soon as i have time to research other programs i will cancel my subscription. $40 per month is too much to just invoice customers and reconcile my bank statement.
. all i need to do is pay contractors via direct deposit. after signing up for your the most expensive subscription package. i then found out i also need a payroll package!!! this was a total waste of time and money. i would give zero stars if i could.
. new update and now all it does is crash!
. it is very nice application, i like it, but we wish in future to be supported by arabic language so we can fit new rules issuing invoices in both english an arabic
quickbooksjoist sync. none of this is working at all. for a company that does bookkeeping it’s ironic that i’ve been charged twice in less than thirty days for a trial period!! none of my invoices are synced, estinates are counted as revenue and quikboojs is stating my 90 day old business has 1000 net profit!! not even remotely possible! this is incredibly frustrating and so i have to work on this on my only day to rest. ridiculous!! do not use this app
. this app is a huge help. can't run my business without it.
very useful application. it really helps me stay up to the minute with my business goings on.
. please update. can't login
i like everything but..... i like qbo a lot. however there is at least one very big flaw and that is that you cannot make past due or partial tax payments through qbo.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments. would be nice if inventory feature wasn't additional cost
. hard to use. i bought it because of taking pictures of my receipts and i've yet to get that done. plus the app doesnt work on my phone. have to log in each time. if i had it to do over again i would not waste my money.
excellent for businesses in the go!. quickbooks is easy to use and the app allows me to create transactions, view balances and customer information wherever i am. i also love that i can take a photo of a receipt and categorize it on the go.
this app is harmful. support is useless or you really can’t recover the emails you sending to the clients with your invoice
loving it!. very simple and user friendly.
it's not working. it's not working in india for aondrid os .. useless app
. dissatisfied. was able to get on to thw app because it kept saying there was an error. i was to finish the processes of registering online but just want to try out beforw purchasing it. it would allow me too. uninstall.....
pos for the online version. very unhappy because after 5 years they still don’t have a pos system for the online version.
vino. great app very professional invoices from the computer
needs updates. same app. works okay but very limited functionality. i figured since online version was updated they would've made changes here too. disappointed at how's long it's taking qb to add accounting functionality to this app.
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
useless app. hard and bad wrote app. can't use many of the functions of regular online version.
easy for newbie. started out with the desktop version of qb and migrated to the qbo platform. so much better for me and easy to use now. i can send a quote from my phone and then invoice once the job is complete which for a lazy guy like me keeps me on tasks done billing times quicker. highly recommended
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
. bank feeds never update. been telling me to check back in a couple of hours for 3 days. resync doesn't work. completely useless without updated banking information. uninstalling and never returning. stick to the web browser bc this app is a waste of my time and space!
suscripción suspendida! ya pague! pero sigue suspendida ayuda. ayuda ! esta suspendida y no puedo facturar
help. there doesn't seem to be a way to tie in purchases on to a invoice to charge specific customers. when you call in for help with the app, customer service does not have access to see what you're looking at.
would rate 0 star if i can. only works in trial version. bought it 3 days ago and hasn't work since. i emailed customer support from both itunes and quickbooks with no help. keeps asking me to subscribe (when i already have). i couldn't use it. it's useless.
. waist of time app. does what it wants not what you want. worthless
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck. *tried clearing data, same issue."
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
excellent. great app and program.
dont use free bank transfer!. it says you will receive funds in 23 business days but they don’t tell you it will take 23 days until they process it and then another 23 days to process it to your account. would have been worth the 3 hour drive to pick up the check. don’t use the free bank transfer just tell customers to transfer bank to bank instead of using quickbooks accounting bank transfers.
fabulous!. i really like using qb, i'm a small business owner and once i got the idea of things i find qb relatively easy to use. when integration starts with square it will be 5 stars for me 😊
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
doesn't send invoices. my customers stopped receiving invoices from me via email. i have to send it to myself and forward to them. customer service is a joke: they think their clients are stupid, their advices are just ridiculous: are you sure you put the email in the right section? really? i had been sending invoices via email before and they all received them.
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
. this is the absolute worst application. my account has never reconciled. cancelled the subscription. it's worthless.
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
. i like having access to the product on my phone but i wish the app did as much as the full website.
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the phone app is all but useless.
dispatcher. i can actually keep up with calls now with this mobile app
keeps crashing. i can't do anything with the app. every time i try to open it, it closes out about 5 seconds later. worked great until the last update.
time saver, makes everything simple. thus app saves time and allows for doing simple tasks on the go making my church more accurate and efficient
great and very useful. don't leave home without it
invaluable tool!. qbo app is invaluable for me as a small business owner. having access to all my funicular data, customer records and invoicing is fantastic! the app works flawlessly.
. dashboard won't even populate. menu button doesn't work. i can only see recent activity. i can not use the app at all!!!!
easy and effective. very easy and convenient, would just like if they add the ability to create a purchase order to suppliers from the app.
. great app and easy to use
perfect for my small business. i am a wedding photographer and quickbooks online is the best way for me to keep track of my expensesrentals and write up a quick invoice or estimate while i am on the road. i absolutely love how user friendly it is. as long as i have my smart phone i can work from anywhere.
quickbooks online. takes a little time to get the program. but once you learn it it's a great asset to anyone's company
app is crap. the quickbooks app very rarely lets us sign in and when it does many of the functions do not work. i’ve contacted customer service which is a complete joke. their suggestion was to check out the message board to see who else may have the problem we have! why? how about fix the problem!
everything worked great until last update.. can't save invoices. have to login every time using password. payments don't apply to the invoices just to name a few. wish i hadn't updated.
great software. very happy i use to use a different software but it wasn't as good as quickbooks thank you quickbooks
. quickbooks it's been awesome for my business. i can send estimates and get all my receipts taking care at one app. i highly recommend quickbooks to anyone who has a business.
access to qb contacts please. love this app, means i can work while out with the kids. would be better if my phone was allowed access to my quickbooks contacts as my husband adds the contacts and they call before i have chance to add them to my phone.
the best business app ever!. i have been in business for nine years and have been using quickbooks desktop. i am now using the online and it is great so happy that i made the switch. works well with ipad and can do my work right on the site! thanks for the great work! ray's home improvement,llc
failed to run. i installed the program and as soon as i attempted to begin using it, the program crashes and will now not open at all.
getting too flaky. i’ve been a subscriber for about 2 years now but am now randomly getting locked out of the app where it thinks i don’t have a subscription! i’ve reported the issue , it always gets resolved but then returns ! went to do my accounts and quotes this weekend and guess what .... i’m locked out ... again! is that acceptable for a business app ! definitely not.
quickbooks saves me time & money. this app has streamlined my business as i am always on the go. its easy, efficient and powerful!
. nice app
disappointed. although it loaded up ok, it didn't refresh my data that i had added online. i emailed support who are supposed to reply in 24 hrs but never heard anything. so unless they get this sorted it's going to be deleted.
. good app, has some minor flaws but does work in a pinch when your out on the road and need to do a quick invoice
please fix it !. with ios13 the app is crashing all the time , for example when a i select a client immediately crash
session expired loop. every time i log in i get a session expired message and logs me out. app is not usable.
. amazing app
. free try option does not work. what's the fun of offering trial that doesn't work
brutal support and comparability. currently looking for another accounting solution. the intentional limitations and total lack of cooperation with the support team leads me to the opinion that all positive reviews are fake. epic fail intuit.
newest update is nothing but problems. can no longer update estimates. freezes and have to close app. also cannot see new estimates fellow employees have created. app ran perfectly prior to the update. intuit needs to launch new update asap or they are losing my business.
. i can't even login, there is some kind of bug.
update = crash. haven't been able to use app since updated. disrupting my business. will not open.
. very handy.
credit card payments. with this new update, i cannot select payed with credit card without being prompted to swipe a card. i use square for my credit card transactions, so i don't need to use qb. only cash and check can be selected now.
. you will get no help from customer service. called 3 times. not one person could help me. i get error code 132.100. they didn't even know what it is. the answer they gave me is open it in desktop mode on my phone and use it from the browser. what is the point of having the app? i really like paying for software that i can't use. i will switch to freshbooks today 42819
. app is nice but it stops automatically some times
worst customer support ever. worst customer support in history. using their software and need cs is the best ticket to drive you out of business.
very easy to use. the app works flawless. being able to sign in with biometrics, take photo of receipts and capture expenses quickly is one of the many great feature.
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
glitchy software loses emails really crappy support. issues remain for years intuit does not fix. loses emails all the time invoices say sent when they are not.
projectivity. great app for my consulting business. once you enter your data quick books can show you a picture of what your business looks like; where your money is coming in by customer. instantly produces reports, reminds you if you have invoices overdue and can be linked to your bank. what more would a small business want? i love this bookkeeping program. :)
huge asset for small business. love the flexibility this app provides. i can do everything from the app that i can do from the desktop although it takes twice as long. however, as a small business owner being the accountant and the laborer it is great having the ability to pull up invoices with clients and email invoices on the go.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
great start. app is perfect for a small business. the sooner you get organized using the app the less work you have to do down the road. love it
bad update. used to work good until last update now when i open the app is says downloading company data, gets stuck there for ages. if it finally loads, there are no customer invoices, just payments. tried deleting the app and reinstalling but does the same thing. the pc app works fine and my employees have samsung phones and they haven't complained of any issues may just be an iphone app problem.
. app isn't working. i keep getting an error message while it's loading.
they do not fix bugs at all.. constant new annoying bugs that have been around for years now. i have written multiple times to help make them aware, now i have been writing complaints and still no fixes. am literally logging into the app every single time i open it. i have to use this app for my work. no choice. but if you have a choice then you should choose literally any other app. this company is terrible.
love it. customers are paying online. so much easier for my business. great app.
good app, but could be better. the app is good but could be better with more functionality. for example not being able to add 'bills' but you can add 'expenses' a small change but would make the app much better.
. great extention to the web portal
worthless on ios13. out of all the apps i have, this is the only one that wasn’t ready for ios13. it was worthless during the entire public beta process & i was hoping with the actual ios 13 release, it would be updated. not the case, still worthless. doesn’t work on my iphone or ipad. it was the convenience of having quickbooks on the go that sold me in the first place. not the case anymore.
meh. constantly making me sign out. constantly not updated with what’s online. constantly telling me i’ve got outstanding invoices that have long. we. recorded online.
slick accounting app. just as the title says, very easy to use for on the go accounting and collaboration between accountants & ceo's
easy to use. well set out and easy to use
adding expenses. as compared to other programs such as freshbooks, quick books fails to be quick. it takes twice as long to take a photo of the receipt and input the vendors name. qb please make it easier to input expenses!!
. awesome app
great app. great app could use a couple more features
. the support team helped with my expense logging issue. awesome!
quickbooks app. as a finally self employed electrician after many many years in the trade i decided to try qb online & it is quite simply amazing, easy, intuitive, versatile & very good value, looks professional and cannot recommend higher. thank you, matt m.b.s. electrical, jersey
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
. frustrating. slow. pretty much only to be used for creating invoices and receiving payments. maybe reports. wanted something that functioned just like the online version but for my mobile. wanted to catch up on work at opportune moments without having to get the laptop out. would not recommend. client hates it.
. grid great app need estimates though n e one know how to do that other than that great app very easy
small business accounting. very helpful software for my business. has everything from accounting software to expenses, to employee payroll and deductions. has helped me become more efficient with my time. makes estimating and invoicing more streamline.
. pc or macbook apps are good but i am sorry to say that this app is waste of time. very slow. page loading time is more that 1 min even with wifi having 100mb broadband speed.
quick easy access. does most needs, mindful it is not the full program.
great app!!. use this daily with my lawn carelandscape business. the only addition i would like to see is the ability to enter delayed charges. as we service each lawn, it would be huge to be able to input the charge for the work rather than do everything at the end of the day. otherwise, no issues at all.
app doesn't connect on ios 9. ever since ios upgrade 9.3 and quickbooks mobile app doesn't sign in, always says check internet connection. it's a bug in the app and they know it, we contacted support to fix it and they said they are working on it and will have a solution by end of may. this problem has been on for more than 4 weeks with no solution. poor app with poor support. not recommended at all.
this has made my life infinitely easier!. intuitively designed, have yet to need a feature it doesn't have!
. great app wish there was more flexibility with customizing the sales reciepts
. best accounting app i have used. the functions in the app has enabled me to easily access clients information to provide information for decision making. best
it's exactly the apps i need. simple to use. have all the features i need for my food truck business
user friendly. very easy to use
update issues. i have used this app for years with no operating issues. unfortunately the last two updates have disrupted my business flow. now i can't even open the app. hopefully with the recent price increase intuit will have the resources to figure this out. my rating is based on recent update experiences.
don’t bother if you don’t have an accounting degree. this app is terrible. it doesn’t allow me to do anything that i need to day to day and then i have to go back at the end of the month and redo almost everything i have done for the month. waste of money and time. an excel spreadsheet is more accurate.
. overall it's a good app. just a few things i'd change.
outstanding app!. owning a small business has enough headaches as it is. with quickbooks, estimating and invoicing projects and services couldn't be easier! everything is streamline! here's a look inside my day to day as a landscaper using quickbooks: initial client meeting> estimate delivered before i leave the property.. bam! they call back that night or the next day and we have the job. after we finish the project, turn that estimate into an invoice on site.. bam! paid! $$ in the bank!
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile i am a paid version user and i am pc login all options are work properly but mobile apps issue i have made complete 4 tims in call center but agent ask me team work this issue
totally useless. as a long time quickbooks user i thought this might be for me. after many frustrating hours trying to figure it out and the seeming absence of help i’m just going to delete it and cancel my subscription. as i said a total waste of time
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
incredibly glitchy. the app is glitchy despite updates. i’m not super impressed by intuit in general. i use their payroll for my business, a lot of glitches there too. app crashes or spontaneously exits my selections to “accept” for no reason and i have to start over. does not learn well, i have to reteach things over and over.
". wow, fell for it again. still listed as free, yet is payware. my bad. free download does not make it free. older version: not free as advertised. 30 day cinderella ware. fine, but they should clearly state that. i was impressed until after setup they informed me. my bad; l should know better. their advertising says it's good tho. uninstalled b4 review. ""while it isnt free"" it said it was free."
qbo app. luv the new dashboard!! excellent app. no complaints.
. this app is great. i can do everything from my phone. i'm can update at any moment and keep an eye on clients who are running late on payments.
cant wait for more transactions so i can use the app again.. so easy to use. i look forward to using it again and again.
. absolutly a must have for any biz owner. really an easy & amazing app. takes your company to the next level with ease.
easy. easy to use, and has all the features i need to run my lawn care business. i recommend it to everyone. my only issue was getting my subscription paid for. i worked it out by calling customer service and they were awesome.
. i use it for invoicing for a security and surveillance company and it does not give me any problems.
best accounting app. perfect for any small business. never had any problem, never crashes. only need more invoicing templates.
. this app makes my life so much easier
can't sync. can't upload data from my desktop to qb online. i have qb pro 2009. is it not compatible?
great for handyman businesses. qb is great for me! i run a handyman business and my office is at my clients place or in my truck. i can sent estimatesinvoices while i am on site. it so nice because i use my tablet or phone when i’m on the road and when i’m home i can use qb on my computer and everything is automatically updated
so helpful. i am a small biz so this really gives me the flexibility i need to do accounting on my phone. it's really helpful. quickbooks itself is a great software and the app really shows its quality. many thanks ~j
. no online registration on india and trial app
great app. been with quickbooks for two years now and still really impressed very easy to use and works across all platforms would strongly recommend
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use! still not working! uninstalling for now! i hope that you fix it!
. is this app for jewellers?
excellent app.. simple to use and very affordable.
. great app! very affordable. quick to uload and edit inventory items.
. tpforhire.com we are able to be proficient due to this app. thanks
app does not open. after the latest update, the app does not open. it has been a real inconvenience.
works for me. little tricky to set up, that's mostly me. i like it, does what i need.
crashes after i hit “invoices”. love the app when it works please let me know what the fix is
don’t update!. so many bugs. a bunch of features have changed for the worse! running on ipad pro 11” ios 13.1.2
great for business. it's great that you can send invoices from phone. it would be even greater if it had a deposit feature. that way when you're at the bank you can just look on the app and see and check off your deposits from undeposited funds.
. great app. life gets easier.
fab. brilliant app that updates instantly, giving a visual handle on your business at any time. thank you
recent update. worked great until most recent update. can't create new invoices now. when you save it says it's saving but then just stops.
awful. doesn't work.. logs me out instantly every time i sign in... wish i could evaluate more. love the online version, but this app is struggling.
great mobile app, but it has a mind of its own. i've found the ability to work remotely as a great plus for estimates, electronic invoices and checking customer records. i have just had issues with downloaded deposit amounts and matching for reconciliation. automatic entry into register has to go!
. great app
. amazing app.
user friendly. come from using myob. quickbooks is easy to use, calculates gst, bas and invoices. highly recommend.
crash books pro. this terrific app asks you every few minutes to rate their program knowing that you want to tell the world how you can't send out an invoice without the app crashing. *update* i am having more issues with the app then ever. i can only assume quickbooks is either more useless then i thought. or they are retaliating for my review of their product. i have never had any program work this bad and i have worked it.
. the quickbooks app allows me to easily manage my business expenses on the go and eliminates the need to keep those annoying receipts. instead you can jt take a picture of the receipt and attach it to the expense. brilliant.
. haven't dug deep into the options available, but thus far my experience has been very good.
don’t ever sign up for subscription services. i signed up for this and forgot my login credentials. it was a pain to figure out how to cancel it.
. very efficient and in depth of a record of labor expenses and profit
works good. does awesome job for business, accounting
love it. love the app, really intuitive!!! and great customer service!!!
. won't let me add bank accounts. app is useless.
they discontinued this app. do not download this. they stopped the link so it no longer works. too bad because i was using this to run my business and now i'm screwed. i have to find another app quick to do my invoices with. i like razorsync for scheduling but i am not thrilled with their estimating and invoicing. if intuit had kept this up and just made some improvements it would be great!
. user friendly. i am an accountant and am moving many clients to qbo
dissapointed. this is the frontline of my business as i am a mobil service technician. app no longer will save or complete an invoice. this is crippling my business! fixxxxxx please immediately!
it gets better and better. i was a huge sceptic (i have been a pro advisor for several years)and very had a very negative opinion of qb online. that was until a couple of years ago when i attended a presentation of the capabilities of the software. i was sold on its usefulness and have been using and recommending it ever since. qb online adds important features regularly. buy it!!! you won't be disappointed
addicted to billing now!!!. oh my goodness. this app is no joke. love it and i stay up late looking at all it has to offer and new things. i’m glad i got this and the card reader. thanks qb
. awesome app
love it!. quickbooks has changed the way we invoice and track expenses. the ability to provide estimates then convert to invoices is amazing. the mobile app allows me to work on the go.
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so.
. if you have to write off expenses for your business like meals, travel ect.....get this app now!!!! very simple and user friendly.
couldn't ask for more!. everything you need, intuitive and great access with mobile apps!
i can’t look at invoices?. the app is ok. i have basic access to customers and their address and number. but when i go into a customer and try to look for an invoice it isn’t there. it’s nowhere to be found?! extremely frustrating!
. problems sending invoices. update to customers from ipad doesn't always work. other issues. still a good app.
easy to use. excellent app. very straight forward to use. the only issue i have is not been able to raise purchase orders on the app. this is very important to me because of the nature of my business, other than that it's spot on.
. as a selfemployed individual, you get no support. do not buy. wasted over two hours on the phone with various customer service reps and was informed that you get online support. lost three weeks of work in few mins. they won't even give me refund. wish i can give negative stars!!!
mgrm. great app
. great app for small business! easy set up and it provides accounting that i can print and submit with my taxes
. très utile, mais surtout très complet!
makes my job easier. love it!
. so far so good; this app should provide a snapshot of the company as first view.
brilliant. used other software apps before now and this one knocks socks off them, can access all my account details and add bills and send invoices so much easier during the day now, knocks about 30minutes a night off my admin
perfect for a small consulting firm. this app is everything i need for my consulting firm. easy to use and easy to keep track of expenses on the road. invoicing is a breeze. love the data in the cloud. take a pic and throw away those receipts! works flawlessly between my mac, ipad and iphone. no complaints whatsoever.
newest update issue. hi, i love this app and it normally works great. when i updated my ipad, i can no longer take payments because of a weird glitch that keeps the total amount $0 even if the item is $25. i emailed with screenshots. giving you a heads up to look for that. at the moment, i can’t process any payments. it’s frustrating! thank you.
just like the web version. the new updates are great. it's just like the web version minus tax lodgements which is possibly due to regional differences. the only gripe i have is the lack of keyboard integration which means you will need to use the touch screen but it's an ipad app so can't really complain there.
. deleting your account is a nightmare!!
. excelente app
. this app works really good makes owning a service business simple. love that i can get done at a customers house and send an invoice
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
. my app has stopped working on my samsung s9 for 2 days in a row. you should have sent an email to inform subscribers if your app is going to be experiencing a downtime.
as large a company as intuit is, where's the support?. i can't imagine that as large of a company as intuitquickbooks is that they can't fix these constant issues with this app. it's been working ok until this last update. i have to physically go to the help section and hit the refresh button for sales receipts to show received after i enter them. and as everyone else has pointed out, touchid is no longer working.
. great experience. easy way to keep your business organized.
. it's super annoying when you need to use it for issuing 1099s, or for anything tax related. it constantly makes me relog even though it's an app, on my phone, which also has a password. very irritating. finally i'm absolutely sick of seeing and hearing their stupid ads all over the place. unfortunately it's the most convenient program available, which isn't saying much, but that's why i didn't give 1 star.
one in all. i can run my business with great confidence because of this application available of quickbooks online. one my favorite functions is the capability of producing estimates, and invoices immediately. that function pleases a majority of my professional field clients.
. i love the freedom that qbook gives me with the online version i can work at any place out side of the office.. also update are free and there free support team are the best. thanks so much qbook for be there for my business and me..
. recently broken. was using this daily on my samsung tablet but as of a couple days ago it stopped working on all my mobile devices. i've sent feedback within the app but still broken. it's frustrating as a paid subscriber to qb.
love the added functionality. i have been using quick books online since it was released. they continue to listen to customers and improve their products. the app is great and can't wait for even more innovative functionality.
perfect for my small business. i am a wedding photographer and quickbooks online is the best way for me to keep track of my expensesrentals and write up a quick invoice or estimate while i am on the road. i absolutely love how user friendly it is. as long as i have my smart phone i can work from anywhere.
great for on the go. it helps me send my customers invoices while i'm in the field
. excelente app para llevar las finanzas del negocio.
best app ever. just wanted to thank the development team for helping me to manage my business easier with this app.
. excellent software, especially since my accounting is done offsite. qb is always improving it for ease of use. very happy with it, now going on 4 years usage.
. signed up 6 days ago for self employed package, although it says in the package i can use the app, when opening the app it states i have not signed up for it... emailed asking for help, no reply. scheduled a call back for tuesday 13pm, noone called. poor customer service. i will cancel and find another accountancy program.
. no problems for me. works great
. helpful app. makes doing my books a lot quicker and more simple.
. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless. hello quickbooks how about a fix?
great app. there is no other app like it. this is probably one of the easiest apps to use and it is very userfriendly. i use it for my business and i have instant access on my iphone. you can send invoices on a moments notice.
. love this app love this app
love this app!. i have my own business and quick books makes my life a lot easier.
. not sure why i pay $16 a month for this app when it only works 60% of the time. please get the bugs worked out or i will have find another company to run my business with. cant access my account on tablet, cant save invoice or estimate on s8. please fix.
cumbersome. qb stinks on ice! i so miss the older versions! oh, qb online will not integrate into turbo tax! i would never use it again if i had a choice. i'm looking into sage. the menus are horrible it's so cumbersome to move from one screen to another. constantly hangs up and freezes!!!
viewable. error message on download is gone, but the app lacks functionality like syncing bank data and the payroll app doesn't allow me employee editing options. if i need to see what is happening in quickbooks its all right, but it's definitely not quickbooks online mobile version
flawed. i am going to reinstall the old app. the new app will not allow me to add a customer from my phone's contact list.
quick books. i love it makes my business operations so much easier!
verging on useless. download it but don’t expect to get much out of it. how a multibillion dollar company can produce a product so lacking in functionality boggles the mind. it’s almost as if intuit is intentionally trying to offend its customers.
tide business bank not supported :(. i'm rating this 1 star due to there being no support for setting a business account created via tide
. useful. allows invoicing, and updates on the go!
. worst ever customer support and fulo bunch of non professional people. not at all recommended.
. i would like to be able to invoice from the app.... but other than that, i love it.
it's a pos. i wouldn't have given it a star at all. you can't tell if they person paid you or if you just accidently out it in as a payment. it's hard to use,hard to understand and honestly i lost 134 dollars in sales because i couldn't figure how to use this thing. i'll be using the square starting tomorrow
gadirepair.com. really a great product at affordable price. smart solutions to all accounting problems.their support team is very responsive and coordinating. i am really impressed with their “reports” i was unable to assess my business stats the way it should be done, thanks to qb for making it so easy for us....👍 great productgreat team i highly recommend every businessman to use it, qb have made it so easy for us. thanks
great as an on the go app. we find the app ideal used as a reference for clients address contact details, quick invoicing whilst on site and a generally speedy server. works for us using the desktop as the main hub.
qb online is awesome. i was using qb the software was yrs. i changed over to online do to ease of everything. it's great everything syncs up after easy setup. love it
. sucks...
difference maker. love the program, made it much easier to price jobs, track paidunpaid invoices and keeps track of all business info
online user. i find this program easy to navigate then the desktop. not as cluttered as the desktop compact
. am happy that it allows me to.make estimates from my mobile phone
. can't seem to input expense reports with the app
. great app, but i wish i could generate purchase orders from the app to send to vendors.
too slow. too slow, freezes, doesn't show if the email has been sent and other things... quick sale is way better.
great program!. super convenient and easy to use.
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
work. great app especially for small businesses
great app.. i am new to quickbook, but found this app as very helpful tool to run a small business, no matter where i am, at home, in the office or on the road. thanks +++++
. makes my whole world a million times faster and easier. thank you quick books from me and my family
. the quickbooks app has been a life saver! very easy to use and helps when i need to do estimates or invoices on the go.
bad. the worst customer service (intuit)
it's just not the same as online. though the app does do most of the basic functions that you can do online it is still lacking some of the advantages to just doing it online. it is convenient to be able to access it on the go but it should be as versatile as the online version, also some of the menus are a little confusing on the app.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
payroll. it is worthless for me. uninstalled it as soon as it was installed. can't do payroll.
just as simple as we could even think !!!!!. this app according to me is best as it's not that complicated and makes my business easy, i've not used any other accounting app so i consider this very easy for any layman who is not very good in accounting. it could have had few more options like individual job closing so to get more accurate and decrease the paper work.
. works good but only when it works. i've gotten disconnected twice now for no reason my mileage tracker first and now my bank accounts. tried to sign in on an alternate device and was asked to resubscribe. took my moneyback had no trouble doing that. but does nothing to alert me that it's no longer tracking my transactions.
. bomb app andvery, very helpful, and useful!!! =)
. best ever tried myob and this much better. less actual typing to get things done. great to navigate
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
expenses. how can i add a credited amount in expenses? in the qb online mobile apps??
convenient mobile dashboard. very convenient mobile dashboard allows quick status of all my invoices.
. great app
keeps crashing. i am trying to use this app on my s7 on sprint. everytime i log in it crashes and ask to send crash report. ive installed it a few times now. please fix bug.
. best accounting app i've tried, much easier than kashflow for example
owner. great app
. the wish access to my qb account has been great to keep a pulse on the business as well as getting cash expenses in before i forget about them.
great for business on the move. this app is a solid connection to your quickbooks and allows for quick and straightforward posting of expenses, invoices and estimates.
great app. the best invoice maker i ever had! great services
great upgrade. great apps. it would be the best, if i was able to enter a bill.
can't even register. server error when creating company 1000x sgxs5 + sgxts (lollipop)
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
great and user friendly!. although its quite hard at first but its quite easy to adapt.
. great app!
just barely ok.. app has multiple issues . with page format. browser must use google chrome to get all options . called 3 times , on phone over hour each time . weeks later still nothing fixed . app is very limited .. customer service is a joke . here i thought i was upgrading to a better software . lol i was so wrong ..
useless. can’t share the online app with my accountant. frustrating and useless!!!!
business made easy. use this app daily keeps everything organized
great app. live this app, makes running a business easy.
ceo. this is a really good app it has help our business in so many ways. it help boost our profit margin we have been able to close deals, and make invoices right on the spot. i recommend this for a lot of different business with quickbooks online.
not that great for me. can't write po's...good for regular expenses banking etc...
very handy accounting app. this app is very useful to always have a snapshot of your business at your fingertips.
haven't enjoyed quickbooks online. several bugs. customers having trouble paying online. was told to have them use a different browser. really? drop down menus recently stopped working.
great app. can do so much on the app. would be even better if could prepare bills in the app.
"great app. android sg5 needs (negative) """" option when editing the amount entry on invoices."
almost usless. the app does not show all the info like logging in from a pc. also scrolling up or down on a page is very glitchy. quickbooks has a lot of work to do on making this app useful.
won't save receipts. try to record receipts in expenses, just get error message. called the number the message had, person they don't offer support for mobile devices or their app.**** update i did as you requested the day you requested and to date have not heard back from your staff. same issue with samsung 10.1 tablet and s6 phone.
horrible!! worst waste of space ever!. would give negative stars if i could. absolutely horrible app, can't do a damned thing; can't enter or edit or view bills, can't enter new customers, can't enter new or edit existing invoices, can't enter new expenses or edit existing, can't enter or edit payments. can't figure out what this is supposed to do except take up space and cause frustration. do not waste your time downloading. like others said, use excel and a shoebox.
. financial software on the go
. very handy makes office life so much easier when having to do things on the run
great, but missing one thing.. the only thing this app is missing is a way to input hours on my time sheet.
love the software. understanding that all software are more friendly on the actual computer than in the cell app, even though, the cell app is very helpful for invoices, estimates, reminders for payments “on the go” just to mention a couple of them. being an 8 years user from checkmark multiledger and payroll and making the transition to quickbooks is just a huge step forward and very efficient for my firm.
great accounting software. perfect for small business owners with less knowledge of the accounting world. very user friendly.
. garbage. doesn't even have a spot to track vehicle expenses. in the self employed version you can. but you can't track hst. would be nice to have one option for everything.
excellent solution. moved from qb desktop longtime user 9+ years this app and the online approach work really well.
. app great for small businesses.
fantastic app with room for improvement. this is a really great app allowing you to perform your data entry while on the move. however, i really wish u could of saved your electronic signature and that it was available for the web app. the bills feature is also missing from the mobile app.
. good app
great app. nothing like doing invoices from the phone!
. i can no longer create or see invoices. my home page is literally blank except for the header and the home menu buttons on the bottom.
"love this app. it is so awesome to be able to login to our accounting software and services do an invoice right from the service location we just finished up on... i can actually send a store manager a estimate sheet as a ""what was done  sign off sheet for his record in the case of a corporate billing. i am so glad i chose qb's online..."
bad. bad app they will take your money and not give you service am contacting federal trade commission
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
. good gets better we run our company on this app
newuser. enjoying the switch from mac to online!
still no deposits. the most useful an obvious feature needed in a mobile app would be deposits. cash and check deposits would be nice.
. estimate and invocies are greate only thing i would like to see change is a quixk customer function so i do not have to add every one
portable accounts. create and send invoices wherever i am.
perfect for small business. keeps me financially organized with income and expenses. easy to use and reports are complete. perfect for my small business.
. this app has told me there is a temporary problem on and off for approximately the past 12 months. this app is detrimental to my business. please fix asap!
. does not work as advertised
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
this is a total disaster. quickbooks online is a complete and total mess. my invoices are duplicating themselves in the register, the register isn't adding correctly, and my sales tax isn't correct so it has to be done by hand. when you call customer service, they have no answers and never bother to return your call because nobody there knows how to fix the issues. i would recommend that nobody ever uses quickbooks online.
co owner. we opened a small furniture and decor store. we use quickbooks online with few problems, however the go payments part was terrible. on our opening day it couldn't process 5 credit card transactions and has been sporadic ever since. we bought a new i pad hoping the faster processor would help wrong.
zero stars. it really surprises me that a big company like intuitquickbooks couldn’t come up with something that worked. the app is almost completely useless. i installed it, tried to do some basic stuff on it and couldn’t so i deleted it. please intuit you have to have someone that can build you a better app!!
the android app is so diffrent than the ios app.. ios app has the functionality to select multiple items too an estimateorder with the multi select feature. this is missing in android. also before the update, the send comand asked the way we wanted to send the invoice and we can select email, fax application. but with the update it only send with the quickbooks email. cant send by fax anymore. please provide the share option on invoice and estimates atleast.
. useless app. waste of money. lousy support. subscribe at your own risk. i am cancelling mine
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
awesome app!:. this is perfect for on the go invoices and quotes for businesses.
. it truly has made my life easier when doing business with my customers!
. i love this app more than my wife and she knows it. lol.😃
let's me keep my members accounts current. i need to be able to scan credit card's and and take payments from my members at our weekly meetings and this app helps me see their balance and details at a glance. i'd be lost without it.
great on the move!. really easy to use, keeps my accounts up to date all the time, so much easier than finding time when i'm back home! clients get invoices instantly and i keep on top of payments and expenses. first class
update google signin never works. update: quickbooks support contacted me. i uninstalled and reinstalled the app and it works now.  i have tried and tried to get into the quickbooks app using the google signin. i get it to work maybe 1 out of every 50 times i try to login. i don't know why they haven't fixed this issue yet. i always end up logging in on my mobile browser instead. fail
awesome app... its amazing app and each update is awesome. but it's not as near the desktop in terms of functionality. overall, if you use quickbooks then its a must have..
needs help. need to adjust the address in the statement area. doesn't fit in the window of envelope. checked the help box, several others having same problem.
. still in trial, but so far so good... very pleased with overall functionality! trial over, five years later... upgraded to 5 stars. perfect app for my small business. does what i need, always available, improves the client experience.
very disappointed. there is very little you can actually do with the app.. not impressed am canceling the account.
. can not login. spins for 20 minutes till i force close it.
very useful. i run a small business with this software. i haven't found anything better yet!
. simple. efficient.
nice. i love app
. poor. this app worked fine for 2 years and now they have recently removed the feature where it automatically adds receipts to transactions. the support morons keep telling me it never existed in the first place but i used it for 2 years! i'm now looking for another app to use in it's stead. avoid it at all costs.
mr. recent updates have slowed both the phone and computer app to a crawl. very frustrating. otherwise a very good app on my phone.
. handy to create invoices on the spot and email to clients.
good, getting better. not all of the functionality that i want but features are being added. very useful for seeing what's happening.
. this app coupled with the web based app is the best thing i have seen for small business. cut book work down to an hour a night rather than 3. the ability to send both quotes and invoices on the go saves hours. works extremely well with the paid web app happy as with both
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
. app is ok but the login process is cumbersome. i should be able to access the app with my thumb print every time.
. great program
good but needs multi currency. very easy to use but multi currency is a pain. i’m based in us but invoice in uk, mexico and spain and with quickbooks you have to be 100% one currency so it’s a pain for my customers and makes me look second rate as a “in global” business
what a joke. downloaded this app so i could pay employees and taxes on time without having to be at my computer and i can't do either, i have to be in front of my computer to do both. i don't understand why it's not allowed on mobile app.
consider other programs.... purchased quickbooks for the fact it is easy to photograph receipts and upload, which worked for about 2 weeks and now always comes up with a error.... tried reinstalling etc, still doesn’t work. useless.
. i love how this apps keeps me and all my expenditures, finances and all in check. extremely handy for my small business!
. simple to navigate
my favorite app. this app is like a cup of coffee in the morning for my business. since i started using it i can't live without it. love it!!
...and into the light age we come. the transition from sage to quickbooks was a giant step for mankind. functionality, interface, ease of use, report detailing and having the app on your iphone was a masterstroke. this coming from using sage for nearly two decades.
. app crashes a lot. several times after updates are made to the app it will crash after i have to sign in again. now it just crashes after i try to sign in.
step in the right direction. took intuit quite a while to develop this product. glad to see that they made something for the ipad. this however is still very limited as far as employees, printing check, payroll things like that. but it's a step in the right direction. keep working on it!
. easy to use. does what i need it to do
life saver. i would not know what to do without this app! yeah i would have to fight through receipts every month to balance month end report. with the app i just input the info when i make the purchase and it makes it so much easier. recommend the app 110%.
awesome. this app is great and extremely helpful with my small business. it saves a lot of time and work. not only do i find it very resourceful but it's easy to use. customizing my invoices and estimates is probably the best part of the application aside from it allowing me to check my profit and loss. i recommend this app to any user, especially a business owner.
security update  unable to sign in. since the security update for sign in features i'm unable to sign into my account using the app.. defeats the purpose of having it aug 23, 2016  just redownloaded the app and have full access once again. oct 20, 2016  unable to select cash, check or credit account to pay an expense.
. great product simple to use. great price. one less headache!
solid except.... i like that it keeps sync of everything smoothly. there's no wait time, and if so i never notice it. it's fast and convenient. best accounting software hands down! the app is smoother than the mac desktop version, this should be fixed!
. amazing app . makes my business bookkeeper free. defo recommend
good resource. i will update this as i see necessary, haven't made a customer service call yet. but overall the navigation is something to get used to because it's very in depth and many details that you would expect are included with the software.
invoicing on the go!. the app is a great companion to the online version. allows me to invoice and keep track of billable items on the go. there is so much more it does but for me invoicing right after the job is done gives me freedom to do my office work while having a coffee.
. great if your a plumber and on the go all day
don’t update!. so many bugs. a bunch of features have changed for the worse! running on ipad pro 11” ios 13.1.2
. how do you update the bank feed manually? there's no refresh button and pulling down from the top doesn't work? super laggy after the latest update...re intuit, nope, no refresh pull down or button next to the + also, still crazy slow and choppy
great app. easy to use. love the 4 digit log in option.
simply slow. i talked to 300 people and they all say it’s just the program itself
keeps locking up. the app keeps telling me i need to update to the latest version, but i already have it. it won't let me log on. frustrating. please fix or revert back to previous version until glitches are fixed.
basic functions always don't work. touch id malfunctions, syncing is very very slow.
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
. app runs extremely slowly and often won't even open. it freezes almost constantly. using a galaxy s8 phone.
constantly having to sign in!. i wish quickbooks could figure out how to not have the app constantly make me reenter my password.
. love this app!! so simple and extremely convenient.
best app. will recommend for everyone
. this app is slow
good but won’t take my money. every time i put my card info they charge me $1.00 and then it says subscription canceled. so i put in my info again and agin and they charge my card $1 but it never runs so i can be a member.
. app isn't working. i keep getting an error message while it's loading.
user friendly. i can keep track of and operate my business from my phone. love it!
great program!. very easy to use!
owner. i have been quite impressed! small owneroperator, able to send invoices, estimates, et al. from my trucklove it!
so good!. quickbooks on my phone is awesome. it’s terribly easy to see old invoices for payment rates and amounts and to get signatures when delivering our wine.
really helpful!!. i am a computer engineer and being able to make estimates and invoices in the field has really helped me!
pretty nice. i like quickbooks online, it makes my business run so much easier. there are some glitches here and there, but they seem to catch them and fix them
logs me off all the time. every single day this app automatically logs me out, displays a message that there’s been a critical update, and that i need to log in again. even worse it requires you to actually enter the password rather than allowing face id authentication.
. app crashs more then i can use it nearly impossible to get my work done will definitely be looking in to other ways t invoice and accept payments
lame. i don't understand how anyone can make an app that isn't fully functional on an ipad.
doesn't sync open bills or invoices. it doesn't show any of my current or closed bills that have been entered for vendors.
was enjoying it until ios13 update. this app was working fine until i updated to ios13...... boom! nothing now. crashes on opening everytime.
. signed on to the mobile app but it will not pull up the data for my business. keeps saying that there is a technical issue. have tried many times. no luck.
great but........ i love the app but it could use a bit more integration. for instance, you can airprint an invoice but you can't airprint a paid invoice. seems like an oversight.
. this is a great app for small businesses on the go. 👍👍
. the app works well.
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
. great app for small business owners that are always on the go..
invoice and estimates not saving after last update. you will have to delete app. then reinstall then it will save.
great app for small business owners!. i have a handyman business and this app made the paperwork side of the business easy!! i definitely recommend
please support iphone x & faceid. please support full screen resolution on iphone x and faceid
easy and friendly. so far i am enjoying the app and it's easy to understand platform
quality product. i've just taken over the accounts for the business with little experience and knowledge and i have found quickbooks online very easy to use. issuing invoices and running payroll is quick and simple. the support is extremely good too from professionals who know what they are doing not just anybody in a call centre reading a script.
. so easy to use! i wish i had started to use this when i set up my business! it saves me so much time and i can enter transactions from my tablet which is so convenient. i also love the way it links (safely) to my bank account and automatically brings all my transactions into quickbooks. would strongly recommend!
this product is fantastic!. i will be recommending this to all of my customers. it's simple, easy to use & fast to set up. in fact it may feel like you've missed something it's that simple! intuit have put together a great product for the australian market.
"too many free apps for me to pay for this service!!. if they are a ""top developer"" then make a free version with limited functionality for basic users like myself and a full subscription app for small business owners like your competitors do."
awesome software. i'm a creative and figures aren't my thing, and i find it a dream to use. i'm so glad my accountant recommended it. having your accounts in the cloud just makes the whole laborious process a snip!
awesome app. i was hesitant going to the monthly subscription, but it has been awesome always having access to my business account. the app looks and works just like the desktop app on my mac.
. you're using it under a free trail and once it's up you nolonger have access to the app
comprehensive app for a small business. i have excellent experience and is easy to use with all functionality that i required. have tried xero, myob as well but quickbooks stand out for me as far as feature & function and good value for money.
. i liked it.. i just logged into my bank account from this app and all myvanking info was there like my investments, chequeing and savings accounts all in 1 place... it's more for business people and you have 2 pay monthly fees
suits me. so easy to use, perfect for my tiny business. don't need accounting skills the workflow has been designed very well and support is great.
cannot reconcile bank accounts on app. cannot reconcile on the app. completely useless to me as the bookkeeper.
been perfect for my business. qb has helped keep me organized and professional while growing my agency. expect for minor tech glitches which are minor inconvenience it's been a perfect tool!
. unable to log on anymore from one device, support seems unable to help me. also very disappointed i can't make an invoice in a no service area and have it sync up later. called and emailed support twice now and no updates or response in over a week.
. app is great once you practice it
. makes my invoice and reconciling so much easier.
efficient. does all the work, and reminds me to collect on overdue invoices. i love it! not very expensive either!
. i have had this app for my business for about 1 year. every time i spent the money new transection comes up 2 time . and it's too hard to remove on transection.
. perfect app for small business owners. combines accounts receiveable and bookeeping in one.
. dont know about this app seeing as it woulkd let me register but never able to log in
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
awful program. glitchy... no help at all from customer service, i paid my fee and they used it to open a new account instead of paying for the one i had. “unable” to refund me... i spent three hours on the phone today with three different people, absolutely no help, no service, no one has any idea what the hell they’re doing, a very poorly run company. disappointed
excellent. intuit quick books is an extremely important account program which my business is built around, and the application is the cherry on top, enabling me to complete accounting on the go. absolutely excellent application.
not ipad friendly. although the web based system works pretty well from a desktop or laptop it is very unfriendly on the ipad.
great app. i am enjoying staying on top of things while on the go.
essential. great for ontheroad expense tracking.
experience getting worse. entering transaction requires way too many taps. it isn’t location aware to suggest transactions you just always search. recent updates have some bug that makes the app download the data file with almost every login and login often you must. usually twice a week it loses my password. i have enjoyed quickbooks online but this app experience may have me evaluating competitors in december.
superb app. works everytime for me, allows me to update invoices, expenses and record payments.
worth the buy!!!!. quickbooks mobile has made estimates and invoicing so much easier! definitely with the buy for any small business!
. after upgrading to lg g6 the app no longer works. can't even get it to load. reinstalled, rebooted still nothing.
. good customer care.
simple and great on the go!. a simpler version of quick books online, not all the functions are available but it's very user friendly and does what i need!
. just made my life so much easier.
works wonderfully. the functions now work wonderfully i just wish i could add project dates to the invoices and have them reflected in the google calendar.
really good, but.... the app does everything i need it to, but the fact that it doesn't show up in the recent apps list makes it unusable for me. i like to copy paste from a emails, and receipts into the app, so not being able to quickly switch back to it from another app sucks. fix that and likely a 5 star.
. very useful....has quite changed the way i track my business
. was working ok then app was updated,. help centre can't give time to fix or troubleshoot to be able to use this whilst out on jobsites not happy at all costing money
does not function. doesn't load new invoices. app is now useless.
touch id rules. much easier to login now.
great tool for those on the go!. while there is a lot of functionality missing that would make this app even more convenient, what it does offer is a tremendous help while on the go. from creating invoices to recording expenses to seeing your p&l and balance sheet, this app is a great tool and extremely easy to use!
new update keeps crashing. well ever hour or two it crashes while i am in the middle of looking things up or when i am making an estimate for a customer. and this is with the pastiest update. oh and it keeps telling me there is a new update, but i already have it. fix it, my renewal is coming up and you aren’t the only game in town
thuglife23. i be countin ma hunnit dolla billz easy up in this bictch
. can't print invoices should have a print invoices if on home network
works great. really like the functionality of the app. having it available no matter what device i want to use is a real time saver.
. awesome app
excellent. the app is a great supplement to the online version when i'm on the road. i easily make customer invoices, add expenses that i have purchased. nothing is lost or forgotten. great way to keep everything up to date
. east to use
crashes on ipad3. i have never had a problem with the quickbooks app until this update. it crashes and will not open on my ipad 3.
unable to log in. i have used quickbooks at office and decided to get it for my self but after downloading app it keeps giving me an error when i try to log in to the app. very unfortunate...i really like quickbooks
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
owner small massage therapy business. for the small amount of paperwork my business requires, this app is perfect. i can input info before leaving the office and it prompts me with appropriate questions to categorize items properly. very user friendly and convenient.
exactly what i need. amazing app and way simple to use!
description is misleading. there is no way to enter or see expenses in this app and of course no way to attach receipt pictures to these expenses. you can enter expenses using computer and attach picture of receipt there, but not in this app. if you need a plug in to do that, why not to say so? or just remove missing components from description.
president of fls. i am able to see what is going on with my business when i want and i am able to make decisions about a job or customer even if i am away from the office.
quick booksamazing app..!. please mail to this id anuhari036@gmail.com excellent app to work...it's really very useful to me...can you please tell how to invoice? thank you quick books for this amazing app!! it's really very helpful..!
very nice app. easy to use makes life lot easier and saves time
app notifications. app has issues which never get fixed. always receive a bug upon opening, can’t connect to bank account until refreshed, deleted invoices won’t delete, i no longer receive notifications when customers make payments. tried reinstalling, nothing works. how do i get this corrected?
great for attaching receipts, not for entering expenses. i love being able to take photos of invoices and receipts and directly attach them to the expense. however, i am unable to add expenses because the app does not have access to my accounts or categories. if there was even a save as a draft option, i would give this a 55. however, i am not able to save any input if i can’t add the account or categories.
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
where is the option to invoice % of jobs.. i’m a painting contractor and i’ll do $100,000 job and be invoicing progress payments along the way and do not have the ability to invoice for percentage of the job that’s complete. it be nice to see that option in quickbooks online
. great app! very convenient. it's actually functional.
app issue. i've been using the quickbooks app for over 6 months and it worked fine. now, for the past week the app will not let me access my company data or the data is incorrect after multiple reinstalls. this is very aggravating and qb's customer support stated it's an ios issue. please correct this issue asap. thank you
poor quality. poor quality. inconsistent design. loads of bugs. none of the bank feed transaction reconciliationapproval features have worked for at least the last three app updates. expensive rubbish.
app. great
. i use to love quickbooks but now it's not working anymore. please fix immediately because my whole business is run on this app... are you gonna fix this?
. totals liability accounts into expenses in most cases and ends up double counting items.
simple and easy. great for keeping tabs on your business on the go but would love to have the actual versus budget comparison on the dashboard instead of having to bring up a report.
shoameli. very good for my company on the go i have all i need maybe a catalog will be even better!
. i have this quick books and pay outrageous monthly for the worst service specially the mobile app. have called them so many times but all they care about is to collect. just waste of time and no help. i wish i could take my customer list and go to another co. does anyone know any co. better?
. it works great on my phone, and tablet. i'd recommend it to other people that use quickbooks if it could be used. i use it constantly, but would use it all the time with a tablet. it sometimes has issues with launching. i've had reinstallrelaunch several times.
outstanding. love it
best app ever. love quickbooks online.... easiest way to keep all my accounts and expenses in order.
it was barely ok to start with!. i had used quickbooks for several years and then went to the online version. i liked the features it had, but really didn’t like the 600.00 a year fee. for the most part it worked, but never all of the time. then when they raised the subscription price to 720.00 a year, that was it. i said good bye and found another program. no regrets!
better than xero. brilliant app. seamless to use. all of my clients now use it!
. not easy to work with and cost. can't recommend.
best app ever. i am a tech on the go , and we made the switch from paper invoicing to quick books online. i cannot tell you how much this app saves me on time and frustration , everything is there at the tip of your finger. thanks intuit for making my work that much easier!
. i travel for work and this app is awesome. i can write and email estimates, invoices, and recieve payments on the fly. it makes my life way easier.
jtw1234567. awesome app. i don't have time to do all of this and run my business too.
". this app is trash, has me very upset won't let me add a bank account just keeps saying ""hmm connection error"". this is bs i just signed up for this service and won't let me connect your app sucks and most likely will seek a refund. have tried wifi, mobile, what the funk, not quick in my opinion..."
handy for sole trader. some things aren’t available on the app, like editing your invoices.
great program. quickbooks online has become the way we operate our business. it went from being an accounting system to doing work orders, job tracking and everything in between.
app says i don’t have an account. the desktop app and now the ios app don’t work. and accessing quickbooks online from the ios browser is a poor experience. from reading other reviews, this seems to be a known issue that has no resolution to date.
business owner. made my life easier
great app. makes my life so much easier!
limited in ipad. will not allow the entering of purchases on account from suppliers when using the ipad app. seems to be more cash based, unlike the version you log on with you pc or imac.
engineering team won’t fixed the azlo banking glitch.. i’ve been trying to connect my azlo bank account to quickbooks for months. i’ve been on the phone and computer with tech support multiple times and every time i’m told it is being worked out. how long could it possibly take? you all need to pay some attention to this matter please.
doesn't send invoices. my customers stopped receiving invoices from me via email. i have to send it to myself and forward to them. customer service is a joke: they think their clients are stupid, their advices are just ridiculous: are you sure you put the email in the right section? really? i had been sending invoices via email before and they all received them.
. this app is just perfect. simple and easy to use and anyone without any accounting background can easily adapt to use it. 👍
. user for 2 years, samsung s8, app fails to load now. when it did work, it never showed historical customer transactions. never properly refreshed bank connections oh, you would have to go to the online portal and update first before you could use or see your transactions on this app. i'm pretty fed up at this point with this app, only thing i really wanted to do at this point was use the receipt scanning but i can't even do that now. uninstalled..
. this app is great for being on the go. love it!
app is crap. the quickbooks app very rarely lets us sign in and when it does many of the functions do not work. i’ve contacted customer service which is a complete joke. their suggestion was to check out the message board to see who else may have the problem we have! why? how about fix the problem!
. crazy how you can remove headaches with this app.
ok, room for improvement. quickbooks needs to build in a way to enter time via mobile devices. why have an app for quickbooks for mobile devices if you cannot enter your time in on the fly?
. terrible app
. working great, really makes it simple
. think it is great to a point. having trouble posting a sales receipt. can't get to my comp. wanting and needing more.
terrible experience with customer support. we had terrible experience with customer support. for a very important issue we contact qb customer support team, we wait for 6 days an never respond our request. for this incident we can't bill our invoices. we hate our experience. consider customer support if your company needs help.
app does not support multicurrency. it’s 2018. apps have been around for quite a while now. if your qbo account has multiple currencies enabled, you can’t use this app for banking. seriously, wtf?
. absolutely love this app! makes running a business easy and quick. stress free and convenient! definitely recommend trying this over anything else!
. pos app!
. a great app. for basic functions, app is good. for full functionality, use a desk top computer for acess for online quickbooks is better to use.
problem. please update the quick book we are not able use from india..
my everyday app. love how easy this app is to use
fantastic app for my ipad pro!. i recently acquired an ipad pro to use for my business and instantly downloaded quickbooks to use on the go. this app has been wonderful for sending invoices, logging my expenses, and managing the books in general. so far, i have yet to experience a crash and everything has been working well for my needs!
mr.. brilliant program, cost efficient and very accessible.
needs improvement. i love the desktop version but my app version and even the online version never works right! there is always something that doesn't work. i always go through the whole estimate or invoice and then it won't save it for me! very frustrating and i wish they could work out all of the kinks.
. very good and intuitive, i had trouble recording all my sales, but it's super practical with the app
. perfect! never have an issue & do not plan ever going to a different kind of software.
love this app!. i can send invoices anytime, anywhere from any device :)
. the app format doesn't reflect the desktop format menu  confusing for the user. also, the sales  invoice page is different to desktop, with not the same information when shown side by side. the app needs a bitbof work.
efficient. makes my life a lot easier i can create invoices. customers can pay their bill right in front of me what i sent them to the email. can’t get no better than that
fantastic app for my ipad pro!. i recently acquired an ipad pro to use for my business and instantly downloaded quickbooks to use on the go. this app has been wonderful for sending invoices, logging my expenses, and managing the books in general. so far, i have yet to experience a crash and everything has been working well for my needs!
keeps crashing. crashes on latest ios version on iphone 6
rather use my local accountant and pay the £100 per annum. rather use my local accountant and pay the £100 per annum
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
critical simple feature still missing  for years!. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
. i had a terrible experience with it ! the link between my online folder and their server broke ! they wanted to charge me $300 to fix one part and $300 another part then they replied to my review on here with an email address that they do not answer ! i'm sorry but i'm very disappointed ! the concept of charging to repair something that i paid subscription fee for is ridiculous🤬😡😡
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
its quickbooks. and it sucks
must have!. absolutely vital to my daily business. clients are impressed when i produce an invoice on the spot and process their credit cards before i leave the job site.
great except one thing.. i like everything except when the app times out while i’m trying to save an invoice that took me 5 minutes to write up!! and no when it does that it doesn’t save the invoice. other than that it’s good.
. i've used qb for 8 years. this app is the better and more seamless than the pc version. love the capability to invoice customers on the job, record payments and send a receipt in seconds.
could be much better.. this app needs lots of work. is not possible to assign an expense as billable. is also not possible to add markup from this app. lame.
too many extra charges. i would like to have an ultimatum plan where all the services and fees were included with one rate. right now each thing costs an additional charge per usage such as deposit fees and running each payroll. can’t you come up with a flat fee?
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
disappointing. this is a very unstable product with an unreliable app server. if my accountant didn't require it, i would not use it!
absolutely love it! best business accounting app. great mobile online app tool that syncs with your online quickbooks on both mac and pcs. is everything that you could ever want or need for bookkeeping, accounting, invoicing and estimates.
8 sur 10. très efficace!
app shows incorrect transactions. transactions do not match the selected vendor. works when you have few transactions. once you pass 20k it becomes slow and inaccurate.
the worst app ever. this app is the worst app i have ever used. takes too long to update data .... and sync hardly ever works... does not have overview screen where it shows balances on accounts... no option to sort list differently... showing the oldest payments, open invoices on top... no option to change sorting methods... too many things to list...
i am impressed!. i had to leave a review after being able to set up a new customer and then bill them all from my iphone! not a detail was missing compared to the desktop cloud version of quick books. good job intuit!
great. app used to be useless while desktop version did what i needed. now app is highly functional and i use it constantly for my business. great, reasonably priced. i highly recommend.
. works great until about a week ago. now i can't save anything from the app it won't sync basically nothing is working right with the app. i even tried installing it on another android phone and had identical problems. don't bother trying to call customer service they say they have nothing to do with the app and that's it.
. so far so happy!
sign in error. can't even sign in anymore. tried on multiple devices so i know it's not my phone. please fix
good app. it works really well to manage a business. a few things could be easiermore intuitive to do, but otherwise a solid app that gets the job done.
very good!. very flexible product. love the mobile application. would like more canned reports and the ability to print weekly time sheets. overall a 9 out of 10.
great complement to quickbooks online. not the full program, but it makes it easy to keep up to date with expenses on the fly.
easy to use, powerful, brilliant. managing everything on the run is important... with quickbooks i can do pretty much everything i need from my mobile saving me valuable time! only thing i would request is an apple watch app.
. the app does everything i need it to and more.
keep having to uninreinstall. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
app notifications. app has issues which never get fixed. always receive a bug upon opening, can’t connect to bank account until refreshed, deleted invoices won’t delete, i no longer receive notifications when customers make payments. tried reinstalling, nothing works. how do i get this corrected?
cool app. really great app. gives access to everything you'd want to get to from your phone.
nice app. works better than the online version
"buggy, issues with sync. for some reason this app is constantly having connection issues for me. i get messages like ""transaction not accepted"". then i have to log into the desktop version to actually do the work. ok for a glance but not useful for productivity."
how come i cant make pos on the app?. this should have this ability builtin.
good except.... you can't *properly* enter expenses in the app. expenses cannot be linked to the costs you've already set up, like price per mile for travel, but instead only entered as final price.
great accounting app. i've been using the quickbooks app for a over a year now and i love how it allows me to stay on top of my business accounting. i love that the app allows me to take a snapshot of my receipts and link them to their corresponding expense transactions within quickbooks.
. great app for on the go invoices
best in the business!. im a general contractor, tracking and allocating expenses is easy, i take a picture of the receipts with my phone and stays stored in the cloud, really cool. i like it a lot
. having a business that is mobile and takes cash payments this app is brilliant. can't find a way to automatically assign mileage to each sales receipt... that would be invaluable!
. pathetic when it cimeys to app. never gives real time update. often can't refresh. a big no
confused. unlike using my laptop to filter purchases, payments, and deposits the app is extremely confusing and when purchases are made you cannot view them live or even see previous ones, instead i have to spend a lot of time logging them in. i purchased the quickbooks online through my laptop in hopes that the app would make my accounting easier by using my phone, as i do not have time to constantly log into my laptop. the app is too time consuming and confusing.
great app but .... i use this app frequently while i’m not at my computer but am disappointed that i can’t access my suppliers & update supplier bills etc, will you be able to add this feature?
very handy  will stop the boss bugging me!. good app for the boss to have. super easy to check on customers invoices overdue etc. would like to see timesheet daily activity integration please  perhaps with a contollable daily multiple nag me to enter times feature? with timesheet integration i could roll this out to other staff :) cheers!
app crashes in ios9. this app was working great before the recent update. app just crashes when i try to open. i use an ipad 3rd gen running the latest version of ios9. please fix!!
excellent!!!. i just love this app. i has allow me to invoice and collect payment at the point of sale without the paper work fuzz. it has allow me to improve my cash flow while increasing my efficiency while i am in the field. my only regret, i should have implemented much sooner into my mobile service.
contractor. love this app
quick books app. this app is really good, can do nearly everything i need from the phone.
why doesn't it update banking?. all i want to do is import my banking transactions and deal with them. i would think this would be basic functionality. i spent spent over half an hour on the phone with support and talked to 3 different reps who ll claimed to know almost nothing about the app. seriously, why do you even have it.
. this app doesn't allow me to add expenses. please fix it. thank you.
great but needs some updates. just recently i am unable to log in to my company. i can get on to my online account, but not on the app?? says my email and password isn’t found?
problem fixed!. app works great!
. great app
easy and super user friendly. first time user of this type of app but it was easy to set up. sent out my first invoice after 1hr already.
keeps getting more user friendly!. the new video tutorials make it easy to learn. the portability of switching between the mobile app and the desktop version online is a priceless feature, thanks for all of your hard work!
don't bother. been using qb desktop for years. disapointed in the sasmobile version. mobile app is slow and frequently fails to load at all. not much functionality at all besides creating invoices. checking account balances or customer ar is not worth the bother on mobile app. this is an ok solution. i bet there are better options available than qb mobile app.
great!!. works so well. love how easy it is to use, love how seamless the app works as well as the computer version. so easy to send invoices via email. was so happy when i found out easy it is to use!
. i've been using qb online for almost three years now. its a great platform for small business's but its constantly having glitches and crashing. i really wish they could fix this. other then the glitches its great.
. great app!
quickbooks mobile. can’t print mobile.... on a mobile app. still writing invoices and entering them later 2x the work and the price keeps going up.
. for what i do this was a complete waste of money. . it was supposed to import all my all my spreadsheet and all that information over to my taxes when i signed up with tax turbotax or whatever it was. it doesn't nor did it. and now it keeps trying to charge me $60 for something after i cancel my subscription because all it did was make my taxes more complicated than they had to be.
. a great awesome business app lets you control your finances and send off invoices
crashing in on the reliable. overall not a great product  i actually do enjoy quickbooks online. but this app is just atrocious. history improve in so many ways just to get one more star out of me
quickbooks online. i really like the app, but it is very pricey.
not good for multiple businesses. this app is very basic. can't even view multiple accounts without logging out and logging back in.
just easy. safe and secure . superb app ..
. great app
great so far!. i am really glad we went with quickbooks online, as i love this app! being able to pull up any and all financial information as well as build and email estimates and invoices on the go is crucial to our business! thank you intuit!
disappointed. this app falls short. for one you can't see inventory. can't create po. can't enter a bill against a po. on the online version one cannot enter a partial bill against a po. cannot creat inventory level alarms. come on man!
easy to use. great app. very happy with it
mileage tracker not working.. so far quickbooks support has not been able to get the mileage tracking feature to work on my phone. iphone6. won’t manually of automatically track mileage and wb support has not resolved or explained why. partial functionality is not good enough!
count on almost $500yr in subscription costs. intuit has been very smart about hiding needed features in higher sub plans. get going for a while and you’ll find you need the highest tier subscription. no thanks. hello wave accounting.
great app. i am running a smal business llc for a tattoo parlor, great app for even simple tasks. definitely worth the money, and i wouldn't use anything else.
needs a lot of improvement. missing a lot of features and information available with the web browser connection. can't see vendor history. can't sort how inboxes etc are listed. a few other issues. freezes often. in the middle of invoice entry, the system bounced me out for some reason, while not saving the work i had entered to date. did that twice. before i closed out and went to pc web connection. i love the possibility this app offers, development need to fix and enhance
a great experience. this new update has just all the features required from this app and more. not just do you guys listen but act as well. kudos. the best cloud service, that can be.
does not work with ios 13. tried all the suggestions from the developer without success.
great bookkeeping tool but app lacks features. quickbooks is the absolute best bookkeeping app out there! the full function web app works wonders but the app needs to be updated to include most of those functionalities.
love it. great app, couldnt do anything without it!
jan 2019 update is a fail. i’m a daily  hourly user. the january 2019 update won’t keep me logged in. after about 90 seconds i get an error message and get logged out.
. nice app for modern business
can’t create multiple companies. can’t create multiple companies or entities with this program. i would have to pay a subscription fee for each company. if i wanted to track my individual expense, my business expenses, and my llc expenses i would be stuck for $720 a year when the 2013 version on my laptop could create unlimited companies and only cost $300 paid in full.
great app. keeps us so much more connected with our customers
love this app. the app links straight to your computer so you can send quotes, invoices etc on the move. this is a great small business tool at a great price.
i really like it.. works great. easy to use. a business must have! (1) suggestion is being able to lock in and automatically applying sales tax to invoices. now we have to apply it manually for each item.
. good. needs ability to save credit card info so easy to invoice in the future.
meh. dislike so many things about the app and online version. i would really like the ability to browse through invoices for ex. look at invoice #1 click next to see #2 and next to see #3 and the. be able to reverse this. unfortunaly this can't be done and one has to search specifically for an invoice by number.
". the app hasn't gone far, sorting a report won't change for ""this financial year to date"" u can select another option but revets back again. .. has so much potential.."
. great app
. good app, but it is expensive....
problem with quickbooks. i am having a problem putting my logo as the letterhead on an invoice
love it. love this app. makes business so easy!
loved it. its very useful app to track expenses and invoice.
. they want nothing more than taking your money! wouldn't refund a $10 purchase when they couldn't transfer my subscription to the correct company file. i had a duplicate company file setup during my online migration, which according to support happens often.
. how do you create a new user. i have followed the instructions but can't create one, as their is no create button. i've tried on the phone app and i have tried on the laptop still now joy.
not good!. i would expect that a company like qb will hire a high end software company to design their online website & mobile app. whoever did this is absolutly no good!
. less useful than dealer version. convenient but sufficiently different from qb pro to require retraining staff. many favorite reports and easy navigation missing from qbo. constant strongarm marketing to upgrade or add features removed from qb pro (ie. payroll). very handy to permit off site accountant to review at their leisure
great app. this app makes keeping up with everything so simple!
satisfied customer. i'm a new user of qb app, and like what i see so far. it's easy to use and is a great asset to help keep my finances straight. it's worth the $10 per month.
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
no multi currency = useless. i enabled multicurrency on my quickbooks account, which you can not revert once applied. and now i find that when i log into the app, it won’t show transactions or customers that use anything other than my base currency. useless. utterly useless.
highly recommend. i highly recommend this app. i run my business with quickbooks online and use this app daily. i use it to create estimates and invoices mostly but also look up look up costumers balances and run reports.
. great app everthing i need from quickbooks in one app
. i like the app in general. please add inventory on your next update. it will be more useful on our comoany while using android.
does not even log into my company. installed the app, entered my login details then tells me sorry it cannot download my company details and to report issue. i've reported and typically the response i get back is to redownload the app???
junk update = worthless app. since the latest update, my qb app shows an error saying that my session has expired immediately after i log in. i can't use it at all. pc access is okay.
almost great. very helpful for my pool service business. just wish i could do delayed charges from the mobile app. i can't believe they haven't included this feature yet.
don't be in a hurry. you need to be very aware of what your doing. the user interface can be a little but if a puzzle. otherwise a useful tool.
great app. first time business owner and have to say it's a great way to stay organized
love using quickbooks!!. i love using it and it makes my business so easy and don't even need to carry my computer. i can actually do all of my invoices estimates anytime anywhere with my cell phone!
. slow customer service meant i was unable to upgrade from qbse to quickbooks online. tried clear books instead, app is not great but otherwise they are a vast improvement, particularly the bank sync which is so much more reliable. i get the feeling qb have grown too quickly and do not have the infrastructure to support their customers.
for phone. could be easier to use if it was more like the pc edition
. does not work with marshmallow 6.0
. this software is superb for business owners but need some customization in product and services option they should provide stock quantities in app
. makes my life super easy. i cans end invoices on the go, receive payments as i open my mail, super easy!
. best way to keep books. great way to run reports and see profits and losses
why must the change the fonts. good software but the recent ui change is terrible. the colors are downgraded and the fonts look horrible...makes the product look cheap
. great app, traveling business must have!!!!!! i do on the road sale, and i have all i need to get the job done, without having to go back to the office.......
. amazing app. handles all my needs as a small contractor business.
. great app! it gets the job done!
easy, fast and efficient. this app keeps me organized and on top of my cash flow. it is easier to use than the web interface and it's always with me when i'm on the road. as a mobile trainer, this is invaluable. once customers and vendors are set up, it takes seconds to update invoices, payments, and receipts. highly recommend.
. this app has made life much easier and more organized
awesome. i use it on my mobile, very efficient and fast in the field , for quick creation of invoices and quotations, on the spot so i never lose the opportunity to acquire a new jobs and customers
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
easy to use. i found it very convenient to use from anywhere i m
. awesome app.
. quickbooks banking is my favorite part of the app, because it's easy you catergorise all your expenses and incomes. the dashboard shows an overview of your financial situation.
. so far...i began adding my customers, payments, sales receipts etc, and it's working out well! pretty simple so far!
don't bother!. except for the cost, i really like quickbooks online. this ipad app is nothing even close and is basically useless.
. super easy to create sales receipts and track sales and taxes. i love the option to include sales tax. i'm sure there are many other useful features that i'm not currently taking advantage of. thank you for this app!
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
. force closes all the time. when it won't stop doing it, i have to uninstall and the reinstall. complete bs since i pay for the service.
can't enter bills. if i can't enter bills on the ipad version, the software is useless.
crashes 3 seconds after loading.  every time it loads, it crashes 3 seconds after. unusable. even deleting and reinstalling doesn't fix the problem. come on intuit, get it fixed.
awesome. looking forward to seeing what's next!. there's times when i get fuel and the gas pump printer is out of paper. i pull out my phone, snap a picture of the purchase and expense it. brilliant. i would like to itouch login option. it's not to cool punching in your password while shivering. thanks qbo.
. how about an update to the other app? suggestions that have been requested: 1) access to notes! 2) insert item above or below another on invoice. 3) merchant services integration. 4) take photos and attach to customerjob. 5) time tracking, the ability to punch inout for appts. 6) signature capture...things to be fixed: 1) map link still populates the customers name in the search (this was supposedly fixed, but it isn't). 2) support for custom fields on templates 3) editing of invoices and
doesn't work, won't use it. it continually crashes upon start up and log in attempt but i'm not desperate to find out why.
crash issues. this app crashes on the new iphone 11 pro max using ios 13. please release updates to resolve the issue.
. rubbish interface, doesnt send invoices when you press send, had multiple invoices paid late due to this, will be looking for a decent online app to run my business. how can an invoice be overdue if my customer never received it because the app sent it? how do i tell if my estimates have actually been sent? its extremely unprofessional having to contact my customers and ask them if they've recieved invoices and expenses because this software is not up to scratch.
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
. great app. handy
. good app, has some minor flaws but does work in a pinch when your out on the road and need to do a quick invoice
. your mobile app crashed since 2508. unable to launch until today. app is still not working perfectly. unable to edit details especially product and service. keep suggesting to contact support but app complete freeze when i tapped on support.
worthless. some functions don't work at all like banking. doesn't load account activity. it's so useless i have to use mobile web version.
helped a lot. i am so happy that i listened to the accountant at work who recommended qb to me. it has made tracking business expenses and my taxes so much easier.
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
. very excited with qb, it become a breeze to navigate, and make my business very organized. love it.
"about 710. not bad but not good. the app keeps requiring updates if used on apple products. not an issue but the updates never appear. quickbooks blames apple and apple blame quickbooks. we ""updated to the cloud version"" from a pcm based quickbooks. so far we are very very disappointed."
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
. denver's is it possible to have a look at the attached file of my resume
amazing app for a small or medium business. very user friendly. don't have to be an account to enter data, app allows you to do everything on the go.
does what it says!. i'm a new business start up and this has been a great tool, in my opinion well worth the money.
zenith. great app for small biz
don't believe the negative reviews!!. i think the application is a huge time saver. works great on my ipad air 2. i strongly recommend this app! it's like getting a full time bookkeeper for only $30 per month! i like having my business records semiautomated in the cloud. intuit offers a 30 day trial. why not just try before you buy? that's what i did and i haven't been disappointed.
please update. please update app or bring previous version constantly downloading customer data that takes forever and then get errors please fix quick
doesn’t work like the app on a pc. the fact that the apps are not the same on a pc than on the ipad or mobile is frustrating. can’t see running totals on the register, can’t add transactions the same way, etc. and the kicker is the website version doesn’t work at all on the ipad, can’t scroll through the register because scroll bars are absent in chrome or safari. horrible adaptation and makes the ipad useless to conduct accounting business with quickbooks...
doesn't work. app isn't working with lg g5 with android.6.0.1. won't let me login.
missing key features. most notably, there is no way to create bills on qb for ios. this is a major feature that is just not available without a desktop. i can’t even use a mobile browser to login because the web gui gets cut off when entering a bill, even in landscape mode on an ipad.
ios 9. with the new os signatures on the iphone are no longer saved to invoices, instead the app just crashes. when people become dependent on specific features and then they stop working it leads to a lot of extra work. please fix this feature asap.
. app is so slow and doesn't have the functionality of the full web version making it pretty useless
. good app. have a few things i would like to see added. i have made suggestions and am sure they will accommodate in due course. makes me more efficient. have come to rely on app and would have otto spend a lot more time on data entry and research without it.
good product. use this for small business. works good for all basic business functions. updates have made it even better. i enjoy and appreciate this product.
. quick simple and easy to use for startups and small businesses
excellent online software. i love this system made my job a lot easier my phone is my office
. fix sales tax to enable for existing customers!
amazing for small business!!!!!!. i started my service business one year ago and enrolled in quickbooks from day one. i can't rave enough about it! it's made tracking customers, invoices, and expenses so easy i can focus on my work instead of the accounting. still impressed and just in the process of adding payroll.
the software has been a nightmare recently using iphone and ipad keeps saying i haven't paid. i've written to emails and had absolutely no response to either no refunds either because i can't get the software to work unless i'm in mice studios on my laptop which is being fixed currently i won't be with me for the next four weeks so how i'm supposed to do any invoicing i have no idea this is absolutely ridiculous use sage...
. i don't know how to express or show and i am not going back and back or round like a clock. wise, but i only know 1+1% i am still in? so i am going to use quickbooks account. and thanks again. i'm happy for every thing.
. absolutely awful and useless in every single way. beyond awful and useless. everything is hard to do. everything takes forever to get done. it always crashes and has constant glitches.
crashes and fails. it crashes, it fails and it's not as good as invoice2go sadly.
quick books app. great app...use it everyday to run the business.
couldn't do it without this app. love this app. sooooo mobile friendly!
. simple, fast and easy to use
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
. generally a good piece of software... but, if you happen to get an unusual glitch don't expect much help. two of our invoices have been resent to a client 3040 times per day for the last four months. my customer is upset and my bookkeeper has wasted days of time on hold or explaining the exact same situation to countless tech support. come on @intuitbrad is this the best your team can do?
qb online. i like the app but there are a few glitches. can not run some reports.
. nice accounting apps.. very usefull..
functional with problems. the latest update took away the ability to choose territory in the app even though using a web browser does. i contacted intuit to report the problem. very nice but nothing has been done to fix it. also, common reports aren't available in the app.
after a year, still not comfortable. not sure if it's me or the program.
. great app i love it
horrible. this app is horrible. it's a complete waste of space. it has no real functionality worth talking about. it is no better than the mobile site which is also useless.
doesn't support timesheet entry. i have an account through my employer that is only used to enter timesheet information. this works great through the quickbooks online website from my pc, but when i try to log in through the app it tells me that i do not have a quickbooks online subscription.
. extremely user friendly, customers love the on the spot invoices and ability to sign for and pay for work right on the spot!
setup. it's too hard to set up the payroll using locations. there has to be a better way.
. i am doing my husband's billing for his company, since it was taking so much of his time. since this not my 'real' job, this app makes it easy do billing and record payments from any device at any time. thank you!
not for indian. please do remember this app is not useful for indian currency so don't waste your data.
crashing. after 3 new updates in the last month app keeps crashing and losing everything i am doing.
great app. best software for small business, better priced than other software on the market.
update make app worthless. thanks for the update that prevents me from sending invoices.
latest update not working?. can't save payments or invoices now? kind of a critical thing for doing books on the go...
needs improvement. i love the desktop version but my app version and even the online version never works right! there is always something that doesn't work. i always go through the whole estimate or invoice and then it won't save it for me! very frustrating and i wish they could work out all of the kinks.
"cool expenses feature allows upload of receipt  needs croppdf tool. one of the best parts of the app is the ""expenses"" feature, which allows you to enter all of the details of an expense on the go, including the expense account, how you paid (credit card, etc), and any memodescription of the transaction. i'd like to see the image upload function in expense allow for cropping, and even better, auto pdf conversion with cropping, like the camscanner app"
good but needs more. i wish i can record bills in the expences area, and on the banking it will be nice to be able to do transfers, and deposits. other than that this app is been working ok for me.
love it. love it. the version on my computer is great. this app is a little unintuitive but if you understand what you're doing it's not bad!
. useful, but doesn't replace desktop so far it will do most of what i need while out in the field. would like it to eliminate the need to use desktop once and for all. i use this daily.
i love it!!!!. i've been a real estate agent for over ten years & keep my expenses & income on spreadsheets, what a pain. this is awesome! i do wish however i could keep my mileage in this app also, do that & i'll give you six stars.
we be removing from my ipad. while it allows you to look at a couple of reports, the entries do not link to account activity, making the app useless for me. i will be removing it from my ipad.
crashes almost immediately. running ios 12 and then 13 on an iphone 8. installed the app. put my login info in. accepted that no problem. then boom. app crashes and i’m back to my iphone home screen. rebooted my phone. deleted and reinstalled the app. makes no difference. still crashes. having this app was a big factor in my decision to run my business on quickbooks and now i’m reconsidering that before i get any deeper.
categorize expense. useful. would be better if it can scan the photo and also categorize expenses.
. not able to login to app since one month now.
excellent and easy to use. fantastic app would recommend it to anyone that asks
easy and super user friendly. first time user of this type of app but it was easy to set up. sent out my first invoice after 1hr already.
labor cost. the software has all the infrastructure for tracking labor cost to individual customers. why can’t intuit enable it so the cost can be applied from weekly timesheets to the job cost of individual customers?
crashes since update. i've tried to create a twoline invoice repeatedly since the update, and it crashes every time. will update review when it works.
ipad perfect until ios 8.5. app hasn't worked since 8.5 update. have sent several request about the app crashing and no one has gotten back to me. i've deleted and redone loaded, rebooted ipad, etc. when not crashing it's a 5 star app. please fix asap!
update broke. i cannot accept transactions. the only things accessible on the baking screens are back and trash. please fix otherwise it’s useless.
. cant log in. the google app version does not communicate with the regular qb site. it's not useful if i cant log in with the app on my phone.
. running my online business at ease. quickbooks makes it easy to invoice and they take care of calculating your sales tax to pay your state.
great app. i wish there was a way we could charge credit cards that are already on file
helpful app 😊. so far very satisfied with this app. able to record expenses and deposits on the go and quickly. less time spent doing tedious book work. two thumbs up! 👍🏻👍🏻
. the worst app in the entire google play store its useless dosent work correctly impossible to navigate the person who made it ought to be fired its a disgrace
please add photo ability. please add the ability to upload photos to products and services! you have no idea how much that would simplify my life for me. please! other than that big issue (for me) i'm pretty happy with the way the app works  does all i need it to, except above mentioned issue.
. when it works it works great. however i have to periodically delete and reinstall the app because it gets buggy entering new expenses. it will get locked in the expense screen. in the locked screen if i hit save 5 times it will record the transaction 5 times while still sitting in the entry screen. **update the developer solution did not work.
owner. i actually have never written a review for an app, and i've had an every iphone since the 3gs, i read the first review for this app and was so disgusted at the panning i just had to write one in support. i have a small business and use this every day! it's great, well designed and very user friendly. i run a carpet cleaning company and run basically every part of my business with this app.
. very easy to use this program and sell explanatory. makes everything simple and painless.
helps me so much. new business owner, this app has been so helpful. can do estimates send invoices and input expenses from any where, weather im at the store or on the go i can work
management. good online on the go, but it has too many breakdowns, constantly has crashes, and makes it frustrating when you needed, if there were another online app that i will use i probably would consider on changing, for something simple is probably the right one for many customer that used the app.
. full time hang and not working properly
does not work. cannot trust any invoices under clients or vendorsall are bad. only thing it can be used for is to take a photo of a receipt and add it to a vendors account. can make up an estimate in the field otherwise it is terrible
. best software
. powerful yet easy to implement. i can help my clients set up estimating and billing on the run and remotely update bank recs, etc
great app. what a great app and ease of access across all platforms.
. useful
doesn't send invoices. my customers stopped receiving invoices from me via email. i have to send it to myself and forward to them. customer service is a joke: they think their clients are stupid, their advices are just ridiculous: are you sure you put the email in the right section? really? i had been sending invoices via email before and they all received them.
quick book app works amazing!!. love using the app for my tree company lets me be on the road and make up invoices.
pdf note on ipad. why can't we add a pdf note on ipad app. i can do it by accessing desktop version on ipad. but it's a pain doing it that way. it would be simpler to add that option to the app. come on guys keep up with the technology. quit lagging behind.
garbage. this app is junk!! support for this app is useless looks like i will be going back to freshbooks, it may not be a accounting solution but at least it works and i can import my info without manually entering. my business doesn't have time for me to spend hours with support when i need to be taking care of my customers ms support
. great app simplifies accounting so much!
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
really good!. overall i think it's a great app. the one thing i would like them to add is the total dollar amount in the invoice section. in other words it would be nice to see a dollar amount on the tabs for open invoices and past due invoices.
. best app for accounting purpose
crashes upon opening. do not install. keep your prior version until they fix this. upon updating the app no longer will open. i called quickbooks and they said it must be a known issue then.
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
um not to quick. over all i like it but there are just a few things i can't do in the app like remove invoices.
terrible. what’s the point of this app, can’t even search employees. rubbish
best business app. quickbooks has definitely made running my business much more efficient and has made it easier to close on deals. the estimate tool makes it easy to send professional looking estimates to clients, and with a click, those estimates turn into invoices. you can receive payments through quickbooks as well. add the payroll service and you can run the whole business yourself. i would definitely recommend this to any new business start up.
. it used to be a great app. but they even do not allow me to login anymore.... i did change the password so many times and did uninstall and install the app. now, i need to go back to my old iphone or lapy for my bookkeeping:(
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
an entire office mgmt team in one app. quickbooks literally took me from a life of getting to work at 7:00 a.m. and eventually falling asleep in my chair in front of the computer try to keep up with invoices and tax documents. for 3 months this went on and now about 20 minutes after work and the rest of the night is mine to enjoy. thank you immensely.
gloria. unable to create an account. supposedly i already have an account. i've never installed this app before.
. you can't edit invoice style, and the web version isn't any better. i constantly have to switch between app, website and desktop. the settings and controls aren't easily accessible.
good app but. it’s a good app but you should be able to mark invoices as paid and deposited via the app. my paid invoices are regularly, incorrectly shown as unpaid. i have to wait until i have time to go on my laptop and mark them as paid via the website
wow!. really cool app! it's linked on all my device! i can make invoices on my phone and send it to my clients directly from email! cool stuff!
. why are you advertising this app when you're not servicing in india.
. i like everything, really good app to use!!! you guy, still need to work on user friendly things.
. baixeii e testei na esperança que tivesse as mesmas funcionalidades do microsoft money, que so existe para pc mas, não tem, fica muito aquém.
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
"enjoying quickbooks online. easy to use interface and they are frequently updating features. my only complaint is that sometimes when searching for sent invoices it won't recognize, for example 74, when it's ""invoice 2015074"""
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app. please add bills to the mobile apps.
"don't download latest version!!. software was great before the latest update. now, no more touchid support, no ability to email invoices. we all remember what apple did with the maps mess, i wonder if intuit will have the testicular fortitude to ""can"" the person who attempted to update the already good software?"
love quickbooks. we have a small business and quickbooks is so simple and straightforward to use, it saves us so much time, and i can write and send invoices straight from my phone! love it.
. good app works well on android
. best app ever!!!!!!
great app. love that i can get estimates approved right on my phone!
works well, missing hours and job cost report. pretty happy with qbo, wish it had a job cost report, wish the app would let me enter hours for employees.
not free. free trial that gathers all personal info then you can try it doesn't link to real program !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
expenses tab stopped working. please fix the expenses tab. it's greyed out on this version and i can't use it.
what is the point?. of supporting touch id on my mobile device if every time i go to use it first thing in the morning i have use my password then my touch id works for the rest of the day but back to square in the next. useless feature.
qb rocks. this is a great app to stay on top of your business while on the go. whether in the office, at home, or on vacation, make sure your payables and receivables match.
app is changed for the worse. i am not sure when this happened, but the app is now useless and does not have the functionality it used to have. i now need to do everything on computer. not good.
a good idea but not very useful yet. there is not access to the important online reports. there is no access to fx transactions or accounts in a foreign currency. i live overseas and bill my clients in us dollars and as such have no access to client information or us dollars sales and accounts. if the app mirrored the online program it would be great but it doesnt!!
not enough. can’t do everything from app. they say it’s better, but it can’t be if i can’t access everything i need, makes the app pointless.
so many glitches. this program glitches at least once a month. today it is telling me we don't have an account. so frustrating. it's great when it works, but it should always work.
updates have made it horrible. i love using the online version. the august updates however have tanked the app. it is no longer sharing information between my iphone, ipad, and mac. the sorting feature of estimates is now gone ( pending, accepted, closed) it only shows in last changed order, not good when working with 3 month or longer history. on a positive note, i do like the photo modification for the iphone. it no longer adds to my photo album, just imports to quickbooks.
. this app makes running a small business a breeze!
. the quickbooks app allows me to easily manage my business expenses on the go and eliminates the need to keep those annoying receipts. instead you can jt take a picture of the receipt and attach it to the expense. brilliant.
user friendly. love how easy it is to invoice clients
. stopped working and customer support sucks and dropped the call after half an hour
. this app has changed the way i do business for the better. i can update invoices, check profit reports, and so much more very easily.
easy invoice creation. high quality invoices can be created on the fly with my iphone!
. this app is eady to use and keep all my business expenses in one place!
. it's easy to use, and connects with my regular program back and my office seamlessly! one of the best apps i've ever used for my business, keeps me moving smoothly along!
disappointed. i’ve been using the phone app for a year now. when the app works it is fine however it constantly freezes and my only option is to restart my phone. i have deleted and downloaded the app several times but it has not fixed the issues.
not bad.... would like to be able to use it to cray an invoice and take a credit card payment on the road
. entered in info 2 link bank business card. then i went & made a purchase with that same card & nothing showed up. giving apps a shot, even though i know in the back of my mind that anything can be hacked. i'm not trying this again will uninstall.
small business owner. i am quite pleased with how fast and simple it is to use.
this app is harmful. support is useless or you really can’t recover the emails you sending to the clients with your invoice
need improvement asap. need to approve the app asap due to many loss of customers. disappointed of the high price.
fantastic!!!. brilliant app. never even noticed the expenses bit so will have to fill this out for the year. absolutely brilliant. first class
weak iphone app, no customer service. really weak app, no customer service. after trying to contact qb customer service, i got no response from anybody at qb. after paying big monthly fees $ i'm switching back to invoice2go, where i got great customer service and my feedbacks were used in improvements.
. awesome app, extremely useful to track finances.
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
. really easy to use
"not as easy as you might expect. certain things you think you should be able to do like delete a transaction are unnecessarily complicated. also, i feel like there should be ""help"" without emailing someone... maybe there is, maybe i haven't found it yet, but i think the program could use work."
. i had an issue that didnt get resolved so i deactivated my account and still getting charged after.
. please add 2 factor authorisation to the app instead of having to receive a text or email all the time when i log into the website.
. this apo no longer works. i cannot make invoices, sales receipts, etc. i called quickbooks and they said there is nothing they could do. i have a mobile business and relied on this app, now it's useless.
great ui. wonderful companion to the browser based qboonline for reference on the move.
kicks me out. i'm a try to load customize it kicks me right out maybe it's because i have a demo i don't know but it doesn't entice me to buy it.
. this app really needs the ability to add delayed charge. how else is a user supposed to log billable time spent in the field?
makes it easy. quickbooks has done nothing but make my life as a new business owner a breeze. i can expense purchases, write up invoices and so much more right from my phone when i'm out of the office it's amazing. i don't know where i would be without quickbooks
. this app doesn't do payroll. apparently you can download quickbooks payroll but i couldn't find it. found it online and the google play website said the app is incompatible with all of my 7 different devices. sure this is available in the uk?
background usage accounts for 50 percent of battery life. this app completely drains my battery. i thought my battery was broken and was about to replace it, but apple tech report suggested i check on battery usage by app and i discovered quickbooks was the culprit.
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 3 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank. the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
worst “upgrade” process ever!!!!. if you have self employed don’t even dream of trying to fluidly upgrade to online. they data doesn’t just migrate over. the tech support people are clueless. one sharing my screen hadn’t ever even seen what self employed looked like and had no idea how anything worked compared to online. it’s total frustration.
. great app. obviously nots as many features as browser access but an amazing app nonetheless.
works perfectly for me.. very convenient to have this program online. can run my business from my phone.
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
. if i could give it a half star i would. i have a customer who paid me a week ago through my invoice and it still hasn't reached my account how can i run my business if my money wont be put into my account?
takes some learning. once you get the ins and outs of it the system is amazing!!!!!
can't update credit card. i don't have access to a computer with chrome, they don't support ie 8 anymore so i can't update my credit card. so i download the app to see that my account is suspended due to wrong expiration date on my credit card but you can't update in the app. this blows and is useless
great app. highly recommend this app to anyone with a small business or a business that's on the go. i switched over from quickbooks desktop to quickbooks online and it's way better for me.
email issue. when emailing invoicesestimates with other attachments the quickbooks attachment doesn't go through
why isn't app as easy to use as actual online. the online version is so much easier to navigate. i don't like that the app and the online version have things in different places. it makes it much harder to locate things. i would rather have one streamlined version to use on all devices.
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
buen contador. tiene muchas herramientas para hacer toda tu contabilidad.
need to be able to add bills and accept transactions’s that should match to bills. i think the title says it all. qbo is amazing such a great product but the app needs more functionality. mainly the bills, i need to add a bill from my phone and then be able to match multiple bills as one payment to relevant bills on payment. so frustrating having to find a computer to do this.
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
. very easy to use with my mobile business. i can instantly manage my finances and customer service. awesome app!
. hasn't worked on my android phone for over a week. says error syncing data and rarely loads historical info. lost ability to photo invoices and seems to have lost tax settings as always wants to create them despite setting this up and using for 7 months now. support says they are aware and working in it for a week now
. this app literally will never open.
great app. great mobile app. only gripe is i wish they would integrate bill pay. other than that, solid app.
happy new year to me!. this will make 2017 a much easier year for me.
. looks simple and imteresting
just ok. your misleading us when you say i can run my entire business from my phone. try opening an invoice with an employees time added. i also cannot enter time or a vendor bill
. quick and easy to use. clients have been very receptive to there invoices or estimates. definitely have recommended this to other small business owners.
subscription portal broken. infuriating support staff that don't have a clue. actually tried to make me pay a second subscription to access my data.
. so watered down it's basically useless. better off waiting until you get to a computer if you're actually trying to accomplish anything.
nearly perfect. makes life so much easier having access to accounts on the go on all devices, shame you cant print statements on the ipad or via the iphone app
. best mobile financial app for a small businesses period
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
buggy. app has been very buggy. for a few months i lost the ability to add expenses and not every time i click on home the app closes. using brand new iphone 7.
app crashes on splash screen. on iphone 6s plus. this has been happening for so long and there is no action taken. i’ve tried uninstall and reinstall multiple times and nothing is working.
like. nice app , liked
. easy to use and make life way easier to keep track of inventory and sales.
limited features in the app. the app has extremely limited features as compared to web cant send customer statements or edit recurring transactions or match partially paid invoices.
quickbooks a real sage beater!. having been a sage customer for over 15 years i wish i had discovered quick books sooner, why did i spend all that money on yearly updates when i didn’t need too. i absolutely would recommend quickbooks to everyone and i do! thanks for a great product guys 👍🏻
can't log in.. it worked with my old phone. since i upgraded to an lg g5, i can't use it.
. i am a quickbooks proadvisor. i started qbo and am getting used to it. the mobile app has really improved! thanks intuit. always love how you really care about what we experience.
fantastic software. a superb help to my business invoicing and payments are so easy to sendview and accept. easy to use and never had a problem.
qb intuit online app. fantastic program highly recommend 👍😀
prettt good. it’s a good app, i’d have given it 5 stars but the sequential number doesn’t load when using the app. this means to produce an invoice you have to go back and look up the last invoice number.
. the app isnt bad, but what is bad? quickbooks itself.. 1st part of 2017 it cost 39.95 per month then went to 50.00 by the middle of 2017.. and today i get a charge of $60.00!!! they randomly keep going up on their prices without any warning or reason!
great and very useful. don't leave home without it
no way to select india as a country. hello i am using iphone xs .. i downloaded ur app .. i am not able to select india as the country.. what seems to be the problem ?
. intuit sucks! scamming company ran by non english speaking reps. bought simple start 2007 for 125.00 with online access ,etc. in 2010 they ended all support for this software. that is shady. they promise you all these free services and then years later a foreigner informs you that all support has ended. to better serve there newer products. they suck.
. very excellent app
. 2 weeks into using this app it has made itself unusable, going back to paper invoices thanks quickbooks!
. app stopped syncing transactions, useless!
. tells me to update the app i go to up data and at boots's be back i can't even use it right now
good for review but limited functionality. this is a subset of qb online functions good for quick checking on the business but not a working system much like the ipad version of word or powerpoint you get to do a bit but need the full version for the program to be useful
all of my clients love it!. the ease of use is fantastic. i love that i can quickly load multiple accounts. the qbo app makes my job so much easier because my clients love tracking expenses and sending invoices on the go!
. update has not fixed this issue! why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
refrigeration mechanic. was using invoice2go no bank feed. quickbooks would save me at least 6hrs per quarter. awesome. so glad i swapped. remembers previous bank transfers.
. porque tem coisas escritas em inglês?
. great app so far
. contractor version of the app
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right. update 020219; still has constant logout problems after all these years. would give 0 stars if i could.
amazing!. i have used everything but quick books because of the price point mostly but because of a coupon code i received i decided to give it a shot and i don’t know why i didn’t start here in the first place. thank you guys so much, it has made my life so much easier!
sage. there are far too many bugs for my business to depend on this. what is really more important than dependability in book keeping software? besides there are very limited features to begin with.
difficulty downloading. i have used the application for years, but the whole system has trouble downloading new activity. very frustrating.
. great app
no activity?. none of my vendors have any activity (transactions) available within this app. almost rendering it completely useless in our business.
very good. i am new to running a business and haven't used any other apps or programs so i can't compare them but i'm very happy with this one so far
after 3 years qb stops working. spent hours on the phone with support. no solution. cannot add items to an invoice. i'm a distributor so mobile is pretty important. sorry qb pretty disappointed with your product.
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
not impressed with this software. i am not able to add my bank account.
where are the invoices??. what is the point of an accounting app that does not show supplier invoices? dreadful. support was as helpful as a chocolate teapot too ...
recommended. fantastic app, very handy and easy to use
qbooks online. the windows version is pretty decent but the mobile app is horrible. the invoicing option is not that great. i give it 2 star just because it is accessible from every where.
. works well. can create invoice and estimates on the go.
terrible. glitchy. doesn't update new transactions. hard to navigate compared to desktop qbo app. honestly, intuit knows it can do better than this. they're just greedy.
great app for any small business. this is a well polished app with regular updates and new features being added everyday. *credit card transactions are incredibly simple with the intuit gopayment integration. great job on the app guys keep up the good work!
terriblw. the sync between the data entered on the desktop and data entered in the mobile app is terrible.. half of the time it doesn't work
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
app no longer works. everything was good with it for about 6 months now the app no longer allows me to log in saying there has been a security problem. other devices work told by quickbooks support it was being looked into 2 months ago and still nothing. very disappointed that i'm paying for this to not work
a great improvement over the mac desktop version. it saves me tons of time that i used to spend recording payments, expenses and running reports. client payments are easily paid via credit card by the client and automatically applied to the invoice. it has simplified my accounting.
. very cool for our business great app helps put us a step ahead of the competition and print an estimate on the spot from our truck selling the job automatically.
still needs delayed charges. if you can add delayed charges to the available transactions, it will be perfect.
great update. now i can record my expenses.
victoria. love this.
. quickbooks does not work. it's a terrible program with a zero customer support. the problems i have are very basic and i'm certain others experience the same problems yet they are never resolved. i can't attach screenshots and i don't have the patience to enter all the problems experienced but i hate quickbooks and it's a shame that have such a grip on the industry because i would dump them with a smile immediately if i could
. quickbooks is super useful for invoicing clients and sending receipts and estimates. there was a brief period of a few days when it wasn't working that was super annoying because it made me realize how useful it is.
. keep having to login which is annoying. very slow in general. app doesnt update automatically. i have to manually update which takes forever for a relatively small number of changes to be downloaded. after 3 years, still quite disappointed with it.
makes handling my business easier.. enjoy the invoice and payment features and reports, plus the app. makes my life much easier.
doesn't support timesheet entry. i have an account through my employer that is only used to enter timesheet information. this works great through the quickbooks online website from my pc, but when i try to log in through the app it tells me that i do not have a quickbooks online subscription.
crash with ios13. app does not launch.
love the app. the software has ways been my favorite to use for my small business. the app is such a big plus to compliment the web version. helps me keep up with everything i need while traveling awesome
handy. great app! can create estimates and get signatures right on my phone!
. if i invoice a client and they mail check or hand me a check or give me cash i cannot record income unless they pay online bank transfer or credit card. so i cannot accurately. so this app is useless. and horrible client management. also need to be online no offline input. also i cannot merge to qb app each charge 9.99 month. cannot merge date as qb has better customer tracking. also neefs time tracking for jobs
rubbish. absolutely rubbish since the last update . keeps crashing on iphone xr. screen message = app needs to close due to critical updates. happens 2030 x times a day when trying to set up an invoice estimate etc. test your updates before release you them, you idiots!
useless. maybe im missing something, but wouldn't the point of accessing you accounting software to be to actually get useful info? you cant even see bank accounts or balances. why have a way to make payments without seeing whats in your accounts?
not suitable. not happy with this app and it won't let me cancel it! help!
convenient. best app ever for business
. very easy to use. easy to understand. cheaper than hiring an accountant. love this very much.
password paste does not work. i use a pw management tool and can no longer paste it into the app. this is really annoying as my password is totally random and 15 characters long!!!
great app on the go. view invoices ,do invoices and bids on the go no need to wait until you get to your laptop or computer
fantastic app. really easy to use. saves me a lot of time as i can do my invoicing on the go. make sure you sign up for quickbooks online, not self employed, and then your accountant can use quickbooks accountant to access your files.
app has connectivity issues. anytime i log into the app it causes me to have to relink my bank accounts every time. if i stay out of the app everything works appropriately. i can log onto different devices through the browsers without issue but the second i log onto the app on a tablet or phone, it will disconnect my bank accounts.
for the money this app is terrible. this app does not seem to sync in real time. for example an invoice setup on online quickbooks does not show here. even the customer that was added online. for a large company making millions of dollars on these products it is not only unacceptable but it is also fundamentally wrong
quickbooks. i've used quickbooks for more than 15 years now. i have been using this app for 6 to 8 months, it is the greatest app i have on my phone.
". its ok. expect more for a paid app though. im sure there will be updates  that will be available at a ""small extra cost""...."
. i have tried to download app on my ph using play store but after 5 attempts still can't download very frustrating as i need to use this away from home.
great app. this program work great on my galaxy tab.
. still lots for me to learn so cant say 5 out if 5
expense and banking. until these two options are available this app is of little use.
". was great, while it worked. like the previous review, on a galaxy s9 i just get a blank dashboard and cannot enter new expenses. so the product has no use. not very impressed with qb's ""we're working on it"" response. this should have been basic testing done by the team, not by paying customers."
avoid like the plague!. app doesn't work, says trial expired. customer support are unhelpful and have no idea when it will be fixed. we have a years worth of books on this and now we need to find new software  we've been in business for more than 26 years and have never known service like this. seriously, find another solution. this is not the software you are looking for.
perfect. this is a great app and works perfect for my business
makes life simple. makes keeping the books alot simpler. cits down on time spent in the office
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
. trial no thanks $12.99 per month, no thanks one time will be ok but not monthly
. waste of time, the app frequently crashed and doesn't have anywhere near the functionality of the web app.
quickbooks online + app. quickbooks online is making my business accounts so easy. the bank connections feature allows you to sync online accounts straight into your account records. when new transactions are available, you can view and add them straight into your accounts, made easier by quicbooks match feature that marks transactions with previous similar transactions. support during setup period has been excellent which has made switching from another online accounting software quite an easy process. very impressive so far.
super time saver. this is the easiest and quickest way to do books.
not working with ios13.0. not able to click on customers, create new estimates or invoices. tried reinstalling. still no luck.
. i can see my subscription for months. click to manage subscription and i am told i have none. haven't used thus app but have been paying for months. help
fits my needs. easy app, portable. thank you
difficulty. bad program because of the difficulty in the secret code i offer to delete the program and i do not want to waste my time in it if the secret code is difficult
good app. it is very useful app. it does most everything i need it to do when on a job site. invoicing is a snap. it would be excellent if productservices would auto populate as typed rather than scrolling through a drop down list.
. absolutely unless on android. it does not show the right invoices overdue only a select few and shows completely different things and different sums of money on iphone compared to android phone, in fact its completely different on all platforms i.e tablet android, ipad, pc windows and iphone.
glad i got it. i got this app when my computer crashed and it was the best thing that happened to my small business
great!. continues to impress and improve on this very useful app. i use it daily for bids, invoices and expenses. the addition of the ability to record expenses and photograph receipts has made my life so much more easy. and to be able to quickly add clients, easy estimates and quick invoices and finally receive payments is unbelievable and wonderful.
good. love this app
best invoice app. easy to use quickly paid
. sweet app this is a sweet app for my small business
quick books. this is very easy to use and it's great. with my iphone, ipad and mac, it updates any changes made and works great. thanks it is made invoicing easy
. this app is now horrible, it was great up until latest update and now i am unable to run my business using this app. very frustrating when an app takes steps backwards please help????
makes business smooth and efficient.. i am self employed and have been using the pro version for several years now. it makes business documents and transactions smooth and organized. i take credit card payments via invoices. worked great for me and my clients.
time saver & ease of access. if you don't have the app for your small business account already, well you better just click download now! it saves me hours of computer time each week and my clients get the necessary paperwork even when i'm on a job site working. invoicing and inputting receipts has never been easier!
efficient app. as a bookkeeper i use qbo for all of my clients as well as for my personal account. it just keeps getting better and better. accepting transactions is a breeze as is setting up invoices, paying bills, and writing estimates. one feature my clients find helpful is the receipt attachment. i would highly recommend this app for anyone who uses qbo.
can’t generate po’s. 90% of my business is generating and sending po’s which you can’t do with this app for some stupid reason. i’ve been requesting the feature for years (which i shouldn’t have to request) and quickbooks has never responded.
. decent app
if it wasn’t broken, it would be much better.. when i launch this app on any of my devices, i get an error in the app that says “unable to get all of your quickbooks data pull down to refresh your page.”
. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program. the app on a mobile device doesn't even open. it says sync problem. it's been days since i logged into the app. always problems with this company. the app is terrible.....
not suitable. not happy with this app and it won't let me cancel it! help!
broken update. your update broke the app.
it works ok. using this app for serval years now. mainly i’m bothered by the small glitches and performance of the app, not so much quickbooks. every so often a new annoyance will pop up.
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
awesome app. easy to use. intuitive. great mobile app.
nice apps. nice apps
. just started using qb after 19 years of sage, i must say their customer service is great and i'm using it for 2 business now.
. awesome app and integration all around!!!
time saver!. this app has decreased the amount of time i used to spend in the office by 75%! it's intuitive and the support is fantastic. a great investment for my small business. invoicing and quoting should never be a burden.
from bad to worse. going downhill fast, the app version is very restricted. also the price is getting higher, they entice you in with a low start price that then increases once you are locked in. scared to leave as i am unsure what data i will loose
system modify for the better. great system except when you send an invoice out there is no way to mark it that it has been sent out . so you constantly have to keep a note book with all the customers and what is going on with each individual invoice.
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program. new version has new colours!! yay so practical!! doesn’t accommodate qc payroll deductions like cssnt but that’s ok, it’s colourful. intuit idiots.
favorite app. my favorite app. i use it on a daily biases to send invoices right after i complete a job. makes my life so much less stressful.
seabreeze sealants. awesome app, makes running our business quick & easy in all aspects, we are able to stay in control of cash flow and invoices. highly recommend 👌🤙
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
crashes every time. when app is installed i can log in to my account. then the app says « downloading data » and when download is complete it crashes. if i open it again (so still logged in), i cant even get past the launch screen.
simple and efficient. this makes invoicing on the go so simple. i love that it syncs with my computer and i can take a photo of receipts and it adds them to my expenses. very convenient
save so much time. love this app. now i can review customer history in the field, and even get some of my bookkeeping done wherever i am. its fast, has options i need, and fits in my pocket.
. this app works really good makes owning a service business simple. love that i can get done at a customers house and send an invoice
made business that much easier. amazing, don’t know how i kept track of my business before quickbooks.
crashes on large invoice. works fine until you get a large invoice and then it slows down and or crashes
great program!. the pc version is wonderful the mobile app is steadily on its way
". about the only thing this app does real well is it crashes all the time. some features of this app i can't even get to without it crashing. so all said i am able to look up customers but other then that it's useless. i try to use it on a samsung 10"" tablet"
wow.... what an amazing product now all we need is timing inside the app for us people who bill by the hour or half.
. this app hacked my phone and when i uninstalled it it reinstalled itself and destroyed my phone, do not install this app
fantastic app. as a contractor to be in the field instantly give my customers and estimate or full fullblown bid and be able to follow up with change orders and billing all in one spot. very convenient easy to use and it works great on my phone , home computer, or ipad all at the same time. highly recommend this product not had one problem with it to date.
fix the app!!!. this app use to work great until the last update! please fix asap!
ios 9 broke it. ios 9 broke the app and now every time it's trying to download company data just crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled. also wish you could accept transactions on this.
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
convenient. a very nice app that gives me power to monitor and control my company accounts anytime, anywhere.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
unable to login via iphoneipad. every time i try and login from my iphone or ipad it tells me no account associated with the given information. but when i login via a web browser with the exact same information i have no problem. basically defeating the purpose of the app. fix asap please
. very easy to use!! i do wish though that there was an option to send overdue invoices.
. great app helps out a lot
. this software is superb for business owners but need some customization in product and services option they should provide stock quantities in app and also purchase invoice with itemised discounts option should provided in app
best small business tool ever!. this has been the best business tool for my sole proprietorship. my accountant also loves it as she can prepare my taxes with ease. i couldn't have made it without quickbooks, or at least maintained my sanity.
. make estimates easier highly recommended
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
quickbooks. if you use quick books you have to have this app. its a must have
easy to use. great app! gives me most things i need to know on the go. however, i wish it would show me revenueexpense charts.
quickbooks = easy bookkeepping. love the mobile app, very easy to use. access accounts from anywhere, raise invoices, pay invoices. simplified bookkeeping!!
. great way to keep track of my invoices for my company
. never used an app before for my bookkeeping but feel confident this is the way to go. this app is good though plenty of room for improvement. i am now using it and have used it to now feb 2018. so far so good higly recommend it for all business people on the go
. good app, simple and yet very decent would give 5 stars but the hardware android menu button doesn't do anything. set it to open that side bar, also it needs a speed increase. sometimes it takes over 40 seconds to update. otherwise great app, easy to use. eagerly await updates to this.
. great app for small business.
. was unable to add transactions today
improving. each new version a little better than the last. just like qb online for mac app, both need more features to compete with the rest of the qb product line. still has a long way to go.
errors galore and inability to log into client accounts. i’m so disappointed with this app. as an accountant it would be handy to log into client accounts and check figures or enter small changes, but more often than not, i receive an error message and cannot log in. the issue renders this app completely useless.
. i love this app! makea my life easier:)
viewable. error message on download is gone, but the app lacks functionality like syncing bank data and the payroll app doesn't allow me employee editing options. if i need to see what is happening in quickbooks its all right, but it's definitely not quickbooks online mobile version
great app for small business. makes invoicing on the go easy!!
. payment to vendors are shown as expense
recommended. very user friendly and easy setup.
. they just did a huge update and didn't change any of the items i'm having problems with. the app is useless to me with line items abbreviated. how do i know what i'm entering?
crashes when downloading. crashes when downloading after initial setup. have not been able to use app. disappointing.
. makes it really easy to be on the move. i don't have to wait to invoice until i'm at my computer. i can do it right then and there
"disappointing. if you also make ""mint"", why make your subscription service app so much worse? mint is great. this app is not."
"fees on fees. while the app itself works and is fairly handy, i strongly advise against quickbooks as a company. i signed on as a business owner for $6.95 a month and was immediately slapped with over $100 in fees hidden in ""fine print"". worse is the utter inability to get any customer support from intuit. i canceled my subscription and despite already paying for the month, lost access immediately and lost all of my records. then i got billed again. stay away."
pretty complete finance from your phone. i'm not too sure about the need for a separate app for payroll, but this does work as advertised for the most part.
i am truly loving this app. been hunting for a simple app for managing the finances of my farm business. this helps me with capturing and analysis of all my expenses and income. the reporting is also amazing. i also love the fact that i can even get more stats and reports via the web. amazing stuff. already introduced it to quite a number of industry colleagues. truly an amazing app
negative stars.... emails won't send to customers... misspelled quantity on invoices... not complicated to fix, no customer service, destroyed my management system, i regret switching...
excellent app. i like the qb app better than the online version of qb. the app is easier to use and allows me to operate my business with no paperwork and less time spent doing bookkeeping and office work.
slow to use on ipad. i have found quickbooks slow & frustrating to use on my work ipad it takes a long time to load pages.
. like the portability of this app
ok. updates updates and more updates. what’s worse, arriving to a job site and it updating over the cellular network while a customer waits for me to invoice them. no update and it will not work. the concept and functionality is fine.
crashes since update. i've tried to create a twoline invoice repeatedly since the update, and it crashes every time. will update review when it works.
way too limited. the app for the ipad is too basic. i can create an invoice and email or print but if i need to print an existing invoice there is no option to do this. after receiving payments there is no way to deposit them to my bank. i can't believe that qb would release an app before testing it. i am hoping that there will be an upgrade soon to make it functional. disappointed!
. great easy app the only thing i wish i could do what's have the ability to have a customer pay immediately but maybe it does and i just don't know how to use it yet.
great app. quick books has come a long way this app it's great love it
very helpful.... there are some glitches with a couple of the features but for the most part, it’s exactly what i need. a great help for record keeping and invoicing my customers efficiently. there should be an option to select and send multiple invoices at once. i have multiple invoices per customer each week.
quick books app. have been using quick books app for my business for a few months now, and i am very impressed with the package, as it's great value for money. i enjoy being able to use the app on my phone as it offer all the services that i need to be able to quickly raise and send invoices and pull up important info.
owner eleganttouchlimos llc. the best off best. quick book i ben used last 4 years the make my busnise everything easy. invoice custumer and recipts i like it thank you so much. good job
great program. great program and its user friendly too.
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
superb. smart accounting app
". creo está app buena administración de empresas x ese motivo desidi "" instalarla y google como responsable de negocios, se entienda, bien con esta empresa y tiene juegos de lotería de los casinos, también, para yo jugar en ratitos,"
great app. the app does everything i need on the run. thanks
online version need improvement. the online version specially on ipad is very difficult to use. if the could make the ipad version like the desktop version gui it would help. the app is a little unstable because of the cookies and the background history that doesńt refresh the actual data timely. overall, it is a decent product they just need to make some tweaks.
. works we so far. just started using it. i like that i can create and send invoices from my phone.
. great experience
unable to sign in.... same issue many users are having with the latest update, i can no longer sign into my account with the app.
. great functionality for an app
great app. this app does great to keep up and quickly do business transactions while out on a job
. decent needs expenses like gas and food. also the ability to enter bank deposits and batch them together. this is a great app for invoicing and recording accepting a payment from a customer, that is the extent of it though.
jordan hugo ,. i'm young and in business , only small but this app is perfect for tracking my expenses and sending quotes off. highly recommend.
buggy. since updating to the latest version i can’t view invoices from the home screen or even update and send invoices from the invoices screen. hire some competent engineers.
works good for me.. for myself a small company works well for billing on the road. was able to download and email general information to acquire a business loan while on the road. not as customizable as some accounting software bit still great for the price. support is alright. i have talked to someone quickly every time i call during business hours.
love it. amazing i don't know what i would do without this app.
very happy. i changed from myob to intuit and my only complant is i wish i did it years ago.
qb online. just upgraded from wui quickbooks pro 2011 to quickbooks online. this program is absolutely fantastic. i love the ease of receiving payments. love that i can take photos of my receipts paid to vendors. simply a great product. customer support was also wonderful in helping me get transferred from 2011
made my job way easier. been really useful for creating invoices and collecting payments for our company!
geeat. awesome app...!!!!!!
new update keeps crashing. well ever hour or two it crashes while i am in the middle of looking things up or when i am making an estimate for a customer. and this is with the pastiest update. oh and it keeps telling me there is a new update, but i already have it. fix it, my renewal is coming up and you aren’t the only game in town
great way to get my money in and estimates out.. really happy quickbooks enables me to work anywhere creating on the spot estimates and invoices making my cash flow work better for me. great app
. nyc app
. good app. like the integration with online accessable pc version.
. makes my life a lot easier... if i could only use this app while not driving down the interstate.. so what, who cares if grandma gets run over by a reindeer, i gotta get paid today..
. i had an inapp issue and received help immediately. i love this app and really appreciate you guys. you make my life a lot easier, 💯💯
. it is easy enough to use, however guidance from an accountant opens up more doors.
. very handy for a lanscaper on the go. now i can email invoices as soon as we are finished right from my smartphone, wether i'm standing next to the customer or in the truck. makes my life easier
. pitiful. they bricked my account, broken for over a week. third world software.
love the app. wish though we could do the same on the phone i can do on the computer.
. great way to keep track of expenses for the business.
awesome.. works great for invoicing and reports. love being able to email and print invoices and estimates from my phone. i don't use it for payroll.
awesome!. fantastic app. as a freelancer i am often away from my office. being able to create estimates and have my clients sign them on the spot has been great. and being able to send invoices from anywhere has absolutely changed my life! love it.
good app. good app, lacking functionality but this will improve in time.
not working properly after update. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. why did you replace the pin with passcode? i don’t want to log into my iphone, ever. all i need secured is my qb app and the pin worked just fine for that. with this update i can login successfully once every 2030 attempts. intuit, test your updates before you release them!!!
. stress free app
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
many tech issues  poor customer support. after weeks of connecting to my bank account and importing my transactions automatically, the app decided to stop doing that. customer service was not helpful. also the reporting capabilities and graphics are very limited.
please fix this asap!!!!. this update is horrible and does not work properly at all! data doesn't refresh and i keep getting error messages. the only (very temporary) fix is to delete the app and redownload it  daily! lame! this must be addressed immediately.
. i've been using intuit, quickbooks, quicken for more years than i can count. i would never use another accounting software! i love quickbooks! easy to use
quick books app. this is a very handy app to have snap shot of business activities
great app. user friendly. simple and intuitive!
do not switch. if you use tradition quickbooks, do not switch. you will be very disappointed with the lack of simple features that are standard on traditional versions.
great. great app, great software all around for my small business!
does not compare to ipad version.. i am an android man all the way but very dissatisfied with quickbooks online for android. i purchased quickbooks online after seeing it on a friends ipad. i was disappointed to find that it looked nothing like my friends version. the layout on android in comparison looked very primitive and unintuitive. it does not even capture signatures like the ipad version.
. really easy and all self employed services (invoicing, expense recording etc) in one place
research before you buy. program works ok but has a high learning curve. also apps have restrictions on what you can do. cannot post new checks in apps. cannot log onto the website from a mobile device. reports are limited. i do not do invoicing and use it mostly for my accountant, and i'm still learning so the final jury is still out but from what i've seen so far i can't give it a higher rating.
customer service & support sucks. go with freshbooks instead.
. how do i unsubscribe
too many error messages. for what you pay for a quickbooks online account, this app for ipad and iphone is really disappointing. i get an error message almost every single time i try and enter a new transaction. sometimes it works despite the error message, sometimes it doesn't. but i get the error every time. i can't even access the banking functions as i get an error message and nothing will load. the only function that seems to work properly is the reports section.
finally!!!. finally, quickbooks has catered for the truly 'on the go'...and the app is really good too! well done intuit! just need to make this drive down the cost now and then we would really be goo :)
does not work. i have just spotted an ad on the bus in london. installd the app. created an account. it was difficult to activate my account as the app does not read sms itself. all in all, after logon the carches  it is not unable at all. i use galaxy s6.
best quickbooks i have used.. this app does everything for your business it's quick it's easy and fast so i recommend this to anybody
horrible support and wrong selling from sales team. very poor sales knowledge of the product and service is horrible.. following up since morning and they buy 2030 mins and been more than 7 hours concerned person with resolutions didn’t happen
frustrating. very difficult to use. setting it up was a nightmare
personal accountant. brilliant softwareyou need to allow yourself a couple of hours to set up but once done it does all your reporting for you and keeps your finger on the pulse with your financial status  i love it!
great!. new to the app, but so far it is great! especially when coming from doing everything manually with spreadsheets and boxes of receipts. much better than the qb for mac 2015 i tried.
. good app
". i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it."
. opened a trial account and went to add an account and it just hung on me. not a good start. also the reviews from other customers are horrendous. this looks like a company that has forgotten to look after it's customers. shame i used quickbooks before and it was great.
can't wait for more!. yeah, it's not going to be the only way you use quickbooks. but having the opportunity to have a mobile capability is immensely helpful. it's how you use it and when to that makes this app great!
. seriously guys, this app is constantly updated, but still moves at a glacial pace and consistently crashes. get your business in order so we can keep ours in order!
. great app recommend it to anyone with a business
. very easy to use software, professional looking documents issued and logical methodnof keeping books.
. zero stars if i could. app never tracks my milage and is constantly failing. waste of money.
not industry standard software. this is a clunky, disappointing, entry level piece of work. qb has been available for many years and i cannot believe that, having been recommended to download by our accountant, it feel like it has barely reached beta testing level. a real pity that microsoft money is no longer supported. that’s how to put a piece of software together. i have littleno confidence in the product.
crashes when adding images of receipts. i want to give it 4 stars, but the 2 things i do are problematic. crashes when saving images of receipts every 3 or 4 times. also i can't add time entries which would be incredibly helpful. really close to awesome though.
. was working awesome until last update. now won't log in. just has that loading thing come up forever
. quickbooks have never let me down. this app is great to manage my business.
new to qb on line. brilliant package but did need support on getting the data i migrated over sorted. but worth the monthly charges. great job quick books.
qb app. it's been a great app, very user friendly. getting better every update nice new features and look.
convenient & helpful. as a new business owner and usually overwhelmed with just running the business, the app and website make the financial and tax side of the business easy to stay current and accurate. once i got the initial tax required and payroll payments set up, it's made my life easier.
great app. works great thanks for rhe ease of use and being able to do my books on the go
sweet. app is so easy and convenient! greatest thing about it is that it synchronizes with square so i don't have to worry about writing anything down anymore again. the snap is such a great convenience!
ios 13 not supported. the app will not even start!
easy. i have found this app very easy to use. being able to tap into your invoicing system when out on a job. it enables me to issue an invoice same moment the job is finished and emailed to my customer stood in front of me, that way my customer has a paperless invoice and can pay you right away. saves time!
ios13. keeps crashing won’t open since update. not helpful!!
president. i’m busy right now trying to invoice, from customer service to user friendly software qb is on point for the business man. love the service for sure.
almost there!!. please, please, please qb🙏🏼 you're a few key functions away from making this app the mobile office.
. app opens, prompts to upgrade, no upgrades available. repeat. please make sure the upgrade is 100% released to the play store *before* forcing users to upgrade.
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
well thought out. very user friendly!!. very satisfied.!!👍👍
crashes!. just crashes every time on ios 13
online is horrible.. it is so slow and printing invoices is terrible.
. used to work perfect ever since update it's very unreliable. can't log into app reliably. it often locks me out right when i'm standing in a customer's house trying to invoice them or locks me out when i need to go through my client list for a phone number etc. i suggest you consider competitors software until the app becomes stable again.
quickbooks online app a+. app is very easy to use, even people without lots of knowledge in bookkeeping can manage their small business with quickbooks online through the app.
like the app. just hope it would be easier to use need better access to my custumers invoice and estimates
worthless!. until this app can sync with the desktop version of quickbooks, it is worthless to my business. i'm sorry i downloaded it. but i have already deleted it.
works great. does a great job
magnifico. aplicativo e software excelente! vale muito o investimento!
. qbo is great... however, the app sucks! the info on the home page is rarely if ever correct. paid invoices show as still do, p&l info is incorrect compared to what it shows on the website. now i can't edit downloaded transaction to add an image of my receipts. plus, it's no longer showing all of my accounts when i go to categorize a transaction. what the heck happened?!
. good and easy to use great app
good app.. appreciate improvements made over the years. would prefer ability to create and edit invoices in detail.
great app.. love the app, it's just what i need to do my work.
wow, did this app save our business. we are in florida and have had no power or internet for over one week. this app saved our real estate rental business. everything you can do on your desktop, you can do with your ipad, using this app. all customer data is stored on the cloud. this app is mandatory if you get hit by a disaster!
. i travel for work and this app is awesome. i can write and email estimates, invoices, and recieve payments on the fly. it makes my life way easier.
highly functional for an app. unlike other folks i find that i can get the majority of what i need to accomplish for daytoday business done on this app. very user friendly.
there is no sku column. quickbooks online is great but if you are a reseller good luck sending a p.o because it doesn't have a sku column so the mfg won't know want your ordering. this is the worst thing that and you can't do sales orders.
. good app as a supplement to using online or computer version. would still love a better fast upload for expense receipts on the fly rather than so much data entry or using a 3rd party app.
update is awful.. please fix the app. it was great until the last update!! can't even get tech support without it crashing.
great app. let's me keep up with things while i am on the go.
quickbooks rocks. this is the next level stuff our parents could only dream of having at their disposal. this program rocks!
more features like desktop version!. needs to be further refined to include functions and features like submitting statements. simple stuff that just isn’t possible on the app version.
game changer. totally transformed my business. really great software, so informative and nice community to support you. no brainer. can't believe i'm raving about accountancy software!
easy. great app that is so simple to navigate, and dead easy for business novices. well designed.
lacking compared to ios version. the layout and functionality compared to the ipad version is horrible and hard to use. plus there is no way for the customer to sign for invoice or estimate on tablet or phone. i am an android fan all the way, but i am going to have to purchase an ipad to get the functionality i need. i am very disappointed.
getting better. they've agressively added functionality over the past year...becoming a more complete app!
purchase order. i like the app it's a good app there is one screw up and a big one i wonder if it's only me who uses it why can't i make a purchase order on the app ??? other wise it's a great app
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
disappointing. this is a very unstable product with an unreliable app server. if my accountant didn't require it, i would not use it! my deposits have not updated for two weeks. i'll let you know when that's fixed.
cant even start the app. how to rate a app that not even running
nice app but not fixing known issues. this is a really good app and i would give it five stars except i keep getting an error message when opening up certain accounts from the chart of accounts. this has been going on for months and quickbooks knows about it and doesn't fix it.
book keeping made easy. with constant updates this is the go to program for my business! this app assists in daily activity and allows me to be on the move.
. error everytime i log in, and requires password so often
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
horrible service. this is the worst service.
i spoke, they listnened. i have had my fair share of frustrations with intuit and when they send out questionnaires i answer them and my biggest complaint was no access to a p&l which is now apart of the app. it's perfect for what i use it for and there's nothing like creating invoices and getting paid on the go. great update and thanks for listening.
. so you have to purchase the software for desktop but if you want to sync it to mobile you have to pay monthly to use this app? why is this? why is there no onetime fee option?
excellent!!. i find the app useful when i need it most. i enjoy the ability to add an expense at any time. sales receipts are handy. basically everything i really need without requiring a ton of space on my phone.
. very logical and functional software,.
new update has stopped my app from working!!!. since the update i now can’t accept anything or change anything!!! the only thing i can do it add the expenses!!!! sort it out please!!!!!
needs more... this app needs to have the ability to process statements. then we would not need to use a computer at all. i was expecting to not to need a computer anymore and be completely self sufficient using my ipad or iphone. otherwise it is ok. statements is a huge thing for me.
very hands off. this app leaves me powerless to explore my business financials. so different from the full web version. i was dissappointed!
love it. best app ever
. great app, simple to use, alot of resources.
update ruined app. since the last update you cannot run credit cards on the app. it crashes immediately when you attempt to. my business uses qb on 25 devices. all crash when taking payments. this has caused a massive issue for us and clients. beware of putting too many eggs in the basket of a company that can be sloppy with the interface they sell you.
. why is quickbooks on ios so much better ??? please update it to ios standards
not compatible with my lg g4 phone. i bought new lg g4 and installed the app on it, once i try to sign in the app crashes , i sent email to customer service and it has been three months since then, they keep saying we are trying to solve the issue, worst customer service ever.
mobile version. please make purchase order option available for mobile version. i can't send purchase order to vendors from the app
amazing!. this app undoubtedly helps running multiple businesses on the road possible! when i finally switched my businesses from desktop to online there were a few things missing. i wrote a few complaints and spoke with their development team...few short months later...boom! additions were made! one if which is being able to switch businesses within the app. definitely much easier than logging in and out all the time.
mrs. app will not open after update
quickbooks online keeps me up to date. i am able to get my business information at my fingertips. i can copy receipts and invoice customers in 2 clicks. fast and simple!
. great app. i have had excellent customer service experiences.
a long way to go. basic but does the job not the best app
indispensable tool. all business owners should have a mobile app that makes finances easier to manage. this is one of them. thank you intuit!
proadvisor. love using this to service so many clients at once. truly has made my life so much easier being able to work when ever i am needed!
um not to quick. over all i like it but there are just a few things i can't do in the app like remove invoices.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
good on the go. it’s easy to make invoices on the spot for customers and receive payments. i still prefer sitting at a computer but this app really helps while i’m on the go!
nice app. needs few more improvements
happy but need a little help on a question. i like the app. i can’t seem to get the job address or shipping address to show up on the invoice... it s a big concern for me.
very slow. this app is very very slow.. 10 minutes to load , another 10 minutes to load customer screen, and 15 minutes to apply 1 payment
. very effective app fkr my business, just starting to link in with using receipt bank to auto match the bills. happy recommend for small business, would ve nice to have mileage part of the self employed version included too.
. great app
desperate for mobile. same as when i tried it in 2012. devoted qb online user, but this app is useless to me. this app may help sales people, but does nothing for management. no banking, no reporting, no transactions.
horrible ever since update!!. this last update completely ruined the app.
. rubbish, cannot connect to hrmc, hard to then cancel payment
. simple and very efficient! send invoices ..receipts taxes. everything in one place! love it!
horrible horrible app. this new version is terrible! it will not save invoices for payments when i apply them, but then when i log in to the desktop version there's duplicate and triplicate payments.
. great app
it worked for 1 month. ... then i upgraded to android 7 and i can't log in. i've sent 3 emails to support to report error with no reply.
. still in trial, but so far so good... very pleased with overall functionality! trial over, five years later... upgraded to 5 stars. perfect app for my small business. does what i need, always available, improves the client experience.
gret app. i love this app but the reason i didn't give it a 5 is because when you enter an expense with the app and write who you paid and save the expense when you go to the computer it does not show who you paid. that field is blank.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
awesome app. feature rich and also user friendly
does not support multiple currencies. hope they can add multiple currencies soon. it's useless if you have a primary currency other than usd.
. don't make a mistake on quickbooks online! if you do i was told by customers service that i would need to delete all transactions 1 by 1. i have over 10,000 haha. or to delete this account & open a new account, which i did & was told i would be refunded. nope! i'm now being double charged now. thanks quickbooks for wasting a few days of my time and getting nothing done & have to start all over
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
quick books for my phone. this app has made made me look more professional and helped me be a mobile office from one app. i love it!!
useless. just as useless as the old 'mobile site.' you can't do anything with it! quickbooks: please make an app that can do something!
the best app ever!!!!. there's no word i can use to describe this app. this is the best app i've ever seen. the functionality and the ease of use on iphone is amazing. 95% of my daily transactions are done on my phone. i love this app. good job intuit. no app does it better.
there’s just 1 thing... i have been loving the way this program functions. the only thing i continually wish for is that i would be notified when a customer opens an estimate, not just the invoice.
mobile glitches... love using quickbooks but i run my business out of town where we are not able to have wifi other than mobile hotspot. using the quickbooks mobile has been convenient but also a p.i.t.a... glitches, closes on its own, logs me out, and sometimes doesn’t save invoicesestimates. has been like this for a while and haven’t had any changes..
what a joke. downloaded this app so i could pay employees and taxes on time without having to be at my computer and i can't do either, i have to be in front of my computer to do both. i don't understand why it's not allowed on mobile app.
. updates regularly. keeps getting faster and more stable with each update. thumbs up 👍
. awesome company! app works great!
. unless you are truly tech savvy avoid this app since finding help was as bad as getting help from fb or instagram in my opinion.
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
labour cost per customer?. i run a construction company. my business in the cloud is perfect! however job cost tracking per customer still does not include labour cost in its report. i still have to do this manually. all the payroll info is in sync with the t sheets program so i don't understand why we can't get a profit and loss statement to include the labour tagged to that jobcustomer.
loss of functionality. i had been using this app for a while without any real issues. however, recently the 'expense' button that pulls up from the '+' menu on the home screen is grayed out...thus rendering the app fairly useless on the go! intuit said they unfortunately didn't have the ability to fix issues with the app.
great!. running my business has been so much easier since having quick books! invoices are no longer time consuming or hard :)
nightmare to dream app. might help save a lot of angst between my wife and i when it comes to invoicing, collecting, and tracking. looks very promising, invoiced thousands with it last night with relative ease on two macs, two samsung smartphones, and an asus laptop. updated fine across all devices. am curious about mileage tracking and auto populating from my google calendar.
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
. great software !!!
i like it. i like it good app
. does all that i need for my lawn and landscape company.
. works great! i own a mobile cpr business and i'm able to create accurate invoices on the fly.
. keeping update and on track
so much effort!!. downloaded this to try and make my life easier but setting it up is so much hassle!! can't add my bank account for some reason though i believe i'm typing the right details in  zero replies to my emails for help and whenever i've called for help i end up speaking to someone who obviously has no clue about the app for 30 mins  why is it so difficult?! don't bother.
excellent tool. this is great as a mobile app.
simple and easy. simple and easier to use than the desktop version and everything is accessible anywhere you go.
. great app
not work in india.. i have installed it, but when i open it. it show that it is not work in india. i have hear abt this app, that it is very good in it field but what if it not work in my country.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
great app!. just need the ability to take a photo of a receipt and upload it and then it'll be 5 stars (i understand this is something that the online application is lacking as well)
. great app
remove the update. the new update is not as functional as the previous version. can't add dollar amounts to the itemized lines anymore? this is mandatory. also we need to be able to mark jobs as accepted on the app, can only do so on the computer. fix it!!
upholstery shop. very good app, help me a lot at upholstery business!
latest update. the last update has the photo settings all messed up. you can no longer capture a good picture that will send with invoices. it either won’t attach to the invoice or it’s cropped automatically to the point the entire page doesn’t show. needs to be fixed. already looking at other options for my business.
horrible. what a joke. all i want to do is be able to go to my online account. every time i try to do that it pops up to install this app. i did. now when i go in nothing looks the same or works the same. you would think i would be able to go online without this horrible app. i would give it zero stars if i could.
new update horrible. it's always been glitch but since the new update i can't add products to the estimate and customer service is clue less in how to resolve the issue.
. great app, easy to use!
love it, i use it everyday for my business. qbo has helped my business grow buy looking professional, keeping up with invoices, and giving easy ways for the customer to pay.
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
. seriously? this is the best you can do? ! so limited on basic functions. *updated review nice try quickbooks on the reply...no, your laughable update is ridiculous! not to mention the mobile device website lockout to access via mobile browser.... taking away another star for bad public relations. welcome to 1996 if you try to rely on this app for your 2014 business.
. i use to love quickbooks but now it's not working anymore. please fix immediately because my whole business is run on this app... are you gonna fix this?
"love this app!. love this app but it would be great if they allow me to include ""shipping date"" for the invoices generated on mobile"
how did they not see this coming?. quickbooks is currently not working on any update from apple. doesn't work in ios 10, doesn't work on safari 10 on the mac, can't download the mac app! business has been crippled for days. a business app like this needs far better reliability!
works great. really like being able to manage invoices on the go for my small business
great app. so easy to use.
hard to use. i recommend the version you load on your own computer. this is unwieldy
. bekar hai do not any mail id login don't open
. origionally i wanted to use this app for easy application of spreadsheets and invoices, unfortunately when everything wasn't working out for me, i decided to pull the plug and cancel my subscription. unfortunately, it is hard to get a cancellation and stop the reoccurring payments and it has brought me here. i would recommend that you guys make it easier for others to manage your subscription accounts.
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
made my job way easier. been really useful for creating invoices and collecting payments for our company!
"so frustrating. ""updated"" the app... telling me now that i need a new version of the app and since i already have it, not sure what i'm supposed to do. even my accountant agrees quickbooks online is too confusing. waiting for 2016 to close out my books and use a new program."
been asking for a simple feature for years.. still to this day i’m amazed i cannot do the most important task on the mobile app. if i’ve created an expense via my desktop. i have no way of viewing it or editing it on the mobile version. it’s totally un integrated.
. alittle tricky to learn but works well and makes running a buisness much easier.
app is not functional. the app is keep crushing on iphone xs max every time you i want to create new invoice. billion dollar company but cannot fix bugs for a few months already, its embarrassing.
good but few bugs. i can see some of the expenses and bills of some suppliers but not all. i would think that if it syncs it should sync for all no?
. user for 2 years, samsung s8, app fails to load now. when it did work, it never showed historical customer transactions. never properly refreshed bank connections oh, you would have to go to the online portal and update first before you could use or see your transactions on this app. i'm pretty fed up at this point with this app, only thing i really wanted to do at this point was use the receipt scanning but i can't even do that now. uninstalled..
. i messaged support about my subscription it was not what i wanted. i cancelled the account last month and was still billed and on the subscription. would like a refund on my card
. really, no way to tell a bank account to go get updates? i wasted my time downloading and using this app.
tiene errores. en las últimas transacciones tiene errores no carga las últimas
. a very nifty idea, makes life alot easier 👌🏻
. i found it absolutely amazing, my team are starting to use it and they love it. reduced our time to monitor our income by a whopping 75%! we have also downloaded it into our tablets, iphones and can view and monitor and action it online and on the go, glad i bought the app!
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
. sluggish, cant get bank account info. each log in was a hassle. i uninstalled it after 2 days. is this the beta?
". not free as advertised. 30 day cinderella ware. fine, but they should clearly state that. i was impressed until after setup they informed me. my bad; l should know better. their advertising says it's good tho. uninstalled b4 review. ""while it isnt free"" it said it was free."
we need an update for iphone x. we need an update for iphone x. in addition, we need the function to add cc recipient when sending out quotes or invoices. other than those 2 things, it is good.
i love quick books!!!. this app has made doing business easy for our company. it had allowed me to make my car a mobile office. i can do everything i need on the go. i wish the app allowed you to filter accounts by city, state but i am still very happy with it. sky sunner ceo thebloodycure
. brilliant app, very easy to use even for beginners. also has great customer support for your problems and queries.
quickbooks = easy bookkeepping. love the mobile app, very easy to use. access accounts from anywhere, raise invoices, pay invoices. simplified bookkeeping!!
great resource. love the app capability and ease of use.
great app. this app has been a life saver for organizing my small business. i can track all of my finances as i go without worrying about carrying recipes and forgetting things. i highly recommend this to anyone is business.
"keep getting ""session expired"" message with every log in attempt. completely makes the app nonfunctional for on the go business. critical flaw! please fix it!! oh, and the link for support is dead... come on folks, gimme a chance here!!"
great improvement over previous versions. previous versions were useless. this finally is an app that is not only useful, but a great productivity tool. had to use the ipad version when splits suddenly stopped working in quickbooks online. discovered the ipad app to now be fully functional.
best accounting app. the best accounting app by quickbooks . made accounting easy
good for on the go business#. great app for mobile business. lacks some of the functionality of desktop version. i like the way i can record every transaction on the go, even invoices and payments. i don't like the fact that you can run only one business per subscription. much to expensive to pay separate for subscriptions if you have more than one business.
half way. all i really want is something i can scan in my receipts with. they say they have this feature but they don’t. even the free wave accounting app has this feature and now i’m left wondering what the point of paying for this service is with an alternative such as wave.. not looking like i’ll be bothering to continue after this free trial if they can’t compete with a free alternative otherwise quite functional.
convenient. qbo is very convenient for checking biz summary on the go. especially if you are traveling and client asking for some info. invoicing is pretty easy too.
great program. i am a startup welding company, so computers are not my strong suit. literally self taught with qb’s help section, and a couple video tutorials. i mange my companies financials, expenses and payables on my own. this is a big feat being a neanderthal who sticks metal together.
. excellent app. gives compete access.
great app!. only change would be to allow for a larger job location field. other than that i can honestly say it's helped us tremendously with invoicing.
great app. keeps me up to date with my rental properties. i always know where the finances are. makes the end of the month so quick and easy to finalize. it's fun.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
. works very well for how i use the app within my business.
. awesome app
nearly perfect. except for the fact that the previous version i used just needed me to upload a photo  take a photo & the system crunches out the info for me on the receipt. now i literally have to input the details. :( please restore this feature for this version too...
. the app is very good, keep improving to give us the latest version
. love my quickbooks app!
dashboard is broken. app needs work.. the app dashboard appears to throw up numbers completely unrelated to reality and almost always reports inability to retrieve all data. the web version, on the other hand, works fine. it seems not much attention has been put into app development. disappointing.
"it was good no it's just horrible. i used to be able to update my invoices from my phone and now it just locks me out. it also used to show when customers viewed my invoices but now it keeps saying ""it might not be up to date"". after 7 years with them. i'm going to find a new pos at the beginning of the year."
. switch to xero even though its more expensive. better off wasting money on a useless app. cant even save a transaction. lousy support and engineering team to not resolve such a essential feauture after 1 month. subscribe at your own risk.
no mileage tracking. false advertising. the mileage tracking screen shot is from the self employed app, not the small business app
. won't let me sign in from phone (s10). app is useless unless used from computer
. i have called customer support twice now. each time, i am greeted by an overly friendly person who barely speaks a word of english. either time was the agent able to even understand what i am asking for. they could offer no help, they would not transfer me to someone else. i am left all alone here trying to navigate a program and run a business. i have no idea how to get any help from these people. thank goodness for youtube!
much room for improvement. if it were free, it's a great product , but as a paid program and app, it could use a good deal of user input towards improvement
finally. there has been a massive weight of my business and shoulders thanks to this software. the ease,simplicity and on the spot actions you can do with this make it truly one of a kind.
entering bills?????. why have intuit decided not to support bill entering on this app?!? it great i can import my paper receipts using the camera, but whats the point if i can't enter as a bill only an expense?!?
. is a great app to have downside is it tends to not load half the time. i have uninstalled and reinstalled and it continues to have an issue with loading.
so far so good!. easy to use, quick, simple. like it so far...
qb app. excellent app is very funcional
great app!. at first, i thought that this app was pretty clunky and i didn't enjoy using it. in the last couple of years or so, it has gotten considerably better. i really like using it now.
. almost 2 weeks now the app has not been working. the dashboard is just totally blank. im having to take a toptop to work and tether off my phone.
great. very useful for a small farm.
easy!. it's great being able to pull up my info on the go
great app. i've been a qb user since the early 90's. the app keeps getting better with greater functionally. i'm confident that all functions will be available on the app in future release. i use this app all day to create estimates and bill customers. it's great.
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
great for small businesses. we own a professional cleaning company on the big island of hawaii and are on the road a lot. this app is great for us for invoicing and writing proposals on the go. every client is important and we are able to service each one promptly and professionally.
quickbooks made simple. though i'm still not totally familiar with qb in general the app definitely makes it much easier and convenient to use and track accounts activity etc.
. great app
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
. seamless
great mobile app, but it has a mind of its own. i've found the ability to work remotely as a great plus for estimates, electronic invoices and checking customer records. i have just had issues with downloaded deposit amounts and matching for reconciliation. automatic entry into register has to go!
not good. app and site are actually kind of bad. slow to load. not enough options. will try xero soon
functional with problems. the latest update took away the ability to choose territory in the app even though using a web browser does. i contacted intuit to report the problem. very nice but nothing has been done to fix it. also, common reports aren't available in the app.
. we do all of our estimates and invoices through qb. we love it
best app for small business. excellent
30 days trial. need to pay after 30 days
terrible support. the feature that you promote in your advertisement for this app shows a person recording his receipts wich mainly are cash or card paid. the options that you have as type of payments are cheque, credit or other. nobody this days pay by cheque or by credit receipts for small amounts!!!! totally useless!!!
getting there.. this app was the absolute worst waste of time when it was launched. but now they are syncing the interface with the browser based app and it's very useful.
. great app, does everything i need while out and about. makes evening paperwork easier.
100% broken. they must have changed something with the login process. i only get a message saying it's for online users (which i am) and not mac and windows users. cannot even login anymore.
good for basics, missing key items for on the go. the app does the basics, but i typically run into issues getting exactly what i need. have to use the full online version for truly running the business
. data always not updated. when try to update manually, it takes a very long time.
. good software, could be better if cis content was accessible via app
changed my life. very helpful and easy to use. now i am my own accountant and i can keep close track on everything i do. i love this app!
. great app. takes a bit of getting used to, but once you are it's really easy
useless after update. quickbooks was wonderful until the most recent update rendered it useless. things won't save. transactions hang up. very frustrating.
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. edit: the developers comment below doesn't work as of 130619
useless out in the field can't work off line. useless out in the field can't work off line and constantly wants you to refresh data. does not support star portable printers. waist of space on cell phone gave it a second try useless creating a invoice have to use search window to find items. had to go use desktop instead of my ipad pro because would of took all night to do a invoice.
. i use qb app every day. very user freindly
absolutely amazing. there is no better accounting software on the market, for any size business, than quickbooks! such a powerful tool for such a low price and the qb team are always hard at work making it better.
. great way to keep up with my business expenses in realtime
. great software. made my life much much easier!
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the ipad and iphone is useless.
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be.
slow.. not was easy as before. not much function as before. some new function was not useful
. how long has this app been out and it still doesn't work? i can update my bank feeds just fine on the website and pc version but the android app always errors out. clearing cache or reinstalling won't help. i get the same error on my phone and tablet. on my other tablet it just crashes to home screen completely. why am i paying for this again??
live it a lot. convenient and simple
excellent program. finally found program that lets me do everything on go and let's me stay on top of company finances without my falling behind! thank qb
awesome program. i am so pleased, quickbooks is so convenient, easy and fun to use with many options that other programs don't have.
quickbook app. quick and easy
. many bugs, and any receipt photos are too low resolution to be readable.
great complement to quickbooks online. not the full program, but it makes it easy to keep up to date with expenses on the fly.
great support. we use the app almost exclusively to keep our business mobile. recently had an issue and contacted customer chat to get it resolved. they had me screen record it happening and said they would push to engineering for fix. honestly didn’t expect anything fast but they fixed the issue and included it in the new patch. it’s been about a week or less so a big thank you the support teams for getting it fixed and getting us back to normal.
revolutionized my business. i don't know how i would be able to run my business without the quickbooks program now that i've had it for several years. i'm just starting to take advantage of the mobile capabilities of the program and it's great!
crashing at start up with ios 13. love this app but it crashes with ios 13 :( please fix
simple and easy. great for keeping tabs on your business on the go but would love to have the actual versus budget comparison on the dashboard instead of having to bring up a report.
seriously easy software. great app for a great product!
. good app.
cannot drill down for info. why bother making an app if you can't drill down for information? i am able to have full functionality with our hosted data base, so why can't intuit make this happen? i love intuit's products, so this is most disappointing.
nice but buggy. first i'd like to thank you for a great app that makes my business easy on the go! needs some attention but on my s5 it doesn't appear in the multitask list and my friends iphone has the ability to match bank feeds also which is missing on my android?
needs some improvements. great app only thing that would make it better is an offline version for the ipad
very beneficial app. this is a very beneficial app. it does not replace the pc version but is an excellent aid. it's helpful to send invoices on the go or at the end of a service call. the sooner the customer pays the more chance you will get paid. as long as you keep things simple it is a very good aid!
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
qb online has changed the way we do business. qb online has changed the way we do business. we own a pottery studio, and do not have a fulltime bookkeeper. as a small business owner that employs only my husband and myself, qb online with apps for iphone and ipad, have made bookkeeping quicker. it has also improved our estimate and invoice system.
bugs!. so many bugs with this! i just rated it before and it’s popped up again asking me to rate. and i could go into so much more, however i’m only using this until next year. it’s shocking. i have just sent 3 invoices, the clients have received them, but they are not showing up in the app.
spotty & unreliable. i rarely review any apps that i use unless they are particularly great or particularly terrible. in this case, sadly it is the latter. this app doesn't have basic features that should be included, and about half of my invoices i cannot open from the app because apparently it uses some feature in their api that is nonsupported or not working. regardless, if you are looking for a 21stcentury accounting solution and app this is sadly not it at all.
no grouping of customers or invoices. services that the regular version have.... i don't know why they didn't carry this over. if u have more than one customer base or if u need to send the same invoice to multiple customers you are out of luck. hope they fix soon very annoying
gerald. tax . tax here applied is actually confusing as only sales tax is taken into account. it's as if purchases or expenses are not taxed. if you need to claim tax on purchases or expenses doesn't show anything. it's as if i do it manually or. how do i import quickbook intuit into quickbooks online. or why not merge some features in intuit to online. it's not only as you say to do invoice as you go but you can't account for your taxes.
easy to use on the go!. super convenient way to keep up with your accounting and invoices from anywhere on the go.
fabulous app. any time, any where, any device. boca bookkeeping and quickbooks online create value. if you need help contact us. bocabookkeeping.com
support?? wats that??. if you are a person that will ever be involved in actually doing business in the real world, don't waste your time on this. if you ever need an answer at the speed of business in the real world, don't waste your time. you're not worth the expense. actual rating is 5, but the scale won't let me show the truth.
still unresolved issues 3 month later. i’ve had quickbooks for over 3 month now and since i’ve had it i have been unable to allocate my bank transactions on my app. i’ve flagged this to quickbooks and had responses but no fix. keep being told to use desktop version for now! 3 months and still not fixed isn’t good enough for a payed for app.
. easy to use, easy to keep your invoices accurate, costumers like it
. amazing been using it for 5 years now. makes doing taxes a lot easier!
app doesn’t work on ios 11. don’t waist time
new receipt identification is much worse. the new version of the identification of receipts when taking a picture to upload to an expense is much much worse than the previous implementation. this version hasn’t worked accurately once in 30+ pictures, whereas the old version worked accurately 90%+ of the time. how does this stuff get through testing...? :
chris. love it!! great setup! easy. just love it!!
quickbooks online + app. quickbooks online is making my business accounts so easy. the bank connections feature allows you to sync online accounts straight into your account records. when new transactions are available, you can view and add them straight into your accounts, made easier by quicbooks match feature that marks transactions with previous similar transactions. support during setup period has been excellent which has made switching from another online accounting software quite an easy process. very impressive so far.
great product  but ..... great product, easy to use. the only thing missing for me in the basic version is recurring transactions. can’t justify an extra $10pm just for that
sales tax. cannot use the app on my phone because it does not calculate sales tax correctly. spoke with customer service. they know the issue and do not seem to think it’s important to fix it. makes the app almost useless to me
superb. this accounting system and the app have saved me so much time over the last six months. i used to dread calculating the vat return and catchup my up on the books but i am up to date daily with very little effort. well worth the money!
. great app! i can look things up on the go. very important for my business.
getting very good but needs a few more tweaks to be brilliant. you guys need to add the ability to take pictures of receipts etc and upload them to store in qb. also multiple currencies.
. complete waste of time app doesn't sync with the online version. the advice given by the help to delete browser history and cache doesn't work either. unreinstalling the app doesn't work.. in the long run you will end up wasting too much time on this program. be warned !! ###edit i've cleared cache, deleted app data it it still doesn't sync.. in particular it's the supplier list and transactions that are all missing
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
lacking compared to ios version. the layout and functionality compared to the ipad version is horrible and hard to use. plus there is no way for the customer to sign for invoice or estimate on tablet or phone. i am an android fan all the way, but i am going to have to purchase an ipad to get the functionality i need. i am very disappointed.
. great app
i like it.. this app is pretty easy to use. i just wish it allowed you to send a statement from your phone. i also hope to see the ability to add interest on overdue accounts.
ok but struggles on ipad pro. what the app does it does well but it doesn’t do payroll as well as some other features. logging in to the website on my ipad pro isn’t much better.
qb app !!!. love the app ! now with the new update i can log in with touch id :))) how fan, and saving much time.
jackrabbit. enjoy using this app. would like to see more options on bank balances
great app so far. great app. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address.
super simple. i love this app! so easy to take pictures and attach receipts to my transactions, send invoices, take payments, sign docs... very easy and simple...love it!
i love this better than their computer program!!!!. i love this app better than my computer program they have, it's easier to use & easier to track your expenses & sales. i recommend this to all my friends that basically run their business out of a vehicle saves on extra work when you get home.
app close by itself. sometimes the app close by itself. this is really a struggle for me since sometimes i've already input a lot of information then the app just close without saving the information, and i had to reinput everything all over.... waste a lot of time
terrible experience with customer support. we had terrible experience with customer support. for a very important issue we contact qb customer support team, we wait for 6 days an never respond our request. for this incident we can't bill our invoices. we hate our experience. consider customer support if your company needs help.
great app. i have to switch from another accounting software to quickbooks and every thing is easy to use and easy to navigate.i use it on my phone,desktop in the office.i wish i had it ever since i have been using the other accounts software.
please fix. we use quickbooks constantly. it has enabled us to grow at a much faster rate, helped us keep our books in order, and allows us to take online payments easily. however, the recent update has been causing the app to close unexpectedly and also has many other glitches. please fix intuit. we are not hating on quickbooks, but this is the worst update we have ever seen.
hate the app. limited functionality of the app makes it virtually useless... unless i have access to a pic or laptop, i can't do all the things i need to do. the program itself is good, just not sure why the app hasn't caught up yet.
latest update issue. the latest update does not allow you to create a sales receipt, estimate, invoice, etc., from the customer, you need to go to the home screen to work around it. this is better than the last time this happened (within the last several months) at which point there was no work around. at least we can process cards for now...
. was wondering why the app doesnt have the same features as the computer version
very good. one of the best way to do estimate and invoices highly recommended
on line program is great, but the app is limited.. intuit is great and well worth the money. but the app is worthless. there is little you can do. you should be able to do everything you can do on a desktop, otherwise what is the point? sad, but i would still recommend the on line program, just know you won't be using the app for any real accounting.
. extremely user friendly, customers love the on the spot invoices and ability to sign for and pay for work right on the spot!
does most. app does most of things i need for my business. one thing i am requesting for is the ability to pay with a daily rate not just hourly. i have a home care agency and this is how we pay our employees in some cases. lynn
confused. unlike using my laptop to filter purchases, payments, and deposits the app is extremely confusing and when purchases are made you cannot view them live or even see previous ones, instead i have to spend a lot of time logging them in. i purchased the quickbooks online through my laptop in hopes that the app would make my accounting easier by using my phone, as i do not have time to constantly log into my laptop. the app is too time consuming and confusing.
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
please fix. we use quickbooks constantly. it has enabled us to grow at a much faster rate, helped us keep our books in order, and allows us to take online payments easily. however, the recent update has been causing the app to close unexpectedly and also has many other glitches. please fix intuit. we are not hating on quickbooks, but this is the worst update we have ever seen.
great. great app!!
great app. allows me to enter expenses right away.
. mobile invoicing, categorizing expenses, pandl, ect. powerful. get it to save money and sky rocket efficiency in business. sooo good!
struggle. guys i've been struggling to log in onto this app from my galaxy s6 for several weeks now, i'm considering switching to another provider. please fix this bug. ive tried for hours at a time, everytime it asks me if i am a robot, but it never logs in just hours of saying signign in. the whole point of having this app is being able to do stuff on the go and right now thats not working...
banking on the go!. it's a great app because i can work from anywhere.
great. good app. does what i need it to do.
fantastic app. love that you can attach photos on the fly!
almost there. the developers are working hard at making this the best accounting package for smes. especially ones whose top management actively participates in reviewing reports. great for compact companies. great for hands on ceos. please check other reviews for page organisations and their experience.
great app. i'm a new business owner and i couldn't have been successful without this app!!
excellent on ipad, good on iphone. i use this app on my ipad and iphone, it's pretty good on the iphone but it's darned good on the ipad. hopefully they will develop more features on both over time as it's still not a total replacement for the web browser version.
best accounting software i've tried. this has got to be the most intuitive feature rich reasonably priced cloud computing package for small business i've ever seen. waaay better than myob, such a great little app.
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
. can you print from this app
great app. i am running a smal business llc for a tattoo parlor, great app for even simple tasks. definitely worth the money, and i wouldn't use anything else.
great fing app!!. i love this app, everything syncs over so well from the web version. it's very simple to use and makes my job a hell of a lot easier!!
best app for organizing your small business!!. only had this for a couple of days now and just invoiced my first clients. it was so easy to use. i wish it could be personalized more but still overall a great start to my business!
. excellent software!
. great for my needs to do estimates and invoices in the field.
. i am really thankful for this opportunity. this app vary great easily to use with simple and useful. thanks
still many bugs. still too many problems to be solved
one man show. this app helps tons: estimate and invoice from anywhere.
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
still no touch id. i used to think this was a great app, but now with these last 2 updates, i have to constantly uninstall the app and still no touch id. why when something works fine can you not just let it be. please fix back
monthly fee. didn't realize that there was a $13month fee after the 30 day trial if i'm not already using it.
quick books. very easy to use but would like more design layout of a custom invoice
great program, an asset to my business!. great program and very versatile. would only like to make 1 request. please provide link for iphone users to copypaste invoice into text message. currently need to email myself and copypaste link. very cumbersome process thank you.
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
ouch. does not have my bank listed. does me no good. been paying for 1 year now. and i see no where how to stop subscribing. cost me over $10.00 a month.
please fix me. ios 13 ijust upgrade cannot write items into invoices
great program for what is asked of it.. great program (i use desktop app on my macbook pro). but constant “improvements “ make it hard to find menus you once had. needs a one click solution to print all open invoices at once. biggest complaint is i get thrown off a few times a week. it’s a quick reload, and i have not lost any data, but annoying.
. no major issues with the app. handy when scanning receipts.
need o and p. really need to add a way for someone to mark up of the invoice and show change orders to estimates.
no longer works with ios 13. i just updated to ios 13. the app now crashes immediately after it tries to launch my company. i tried reinstalling it but no luck. please fix this asap!
excellent software. but need to make as industrial requirements. we have travel agency but it restricts us in many places. if ad travel agency options will be better.
not enough!. this app does not have the functionality that qbo has. therefore, useless. if we can't use the ipads in the store, what use is the app? 1. can't enter an invoice with the details 2. can't enter a vendor bill and do splits. 3. can't put payments in undeposited funds. 4. yep, useless.
disaster to sign out. i happened to see this app and found it is interesting to scan invoices but turns to be that i have to be a “company” to use it and have to pay so much for it! so expensive!!!!!!
amazing. quickbooks has made my business life so much easier!!! now i can just put all my focus on the work not the billing and etc... you would be a fool not to use quickbooks jeff thiel construction
. very good and intuitive, i had trouble recording all my sales, but it's super practical with the app
keep crush !. my iphone version is ios11.2.1. i can’t open this app. keep crushing. please fix asap.
so useful, good updates!.
brilliant!. easy to use, matches payments received and ties them off with your invoices, easy to see profit and expenses for each month. well worth the monthly payment, my books have never been so easy to keep!
growing apps. always getting better and better
. great product easy to use and understand. not complicated at all make changes view reports and see everything clearly.
the essential app. who thought being on top of your accounts would be so much fun. benefit from the experience of the pioneers. you will be impressed to see how easy it is to use. trial this and you will thank your self for doing so.
still slow & buggy. home page shows update date as current and. transactions to reconcile yet when i go to the individual accounts to do it the numbers are either wrong or transactions not there...
outdated. the iphone app is way better and has more features including hours and quantity in invoicing. this app really needs updating
. won't update, can't even click the help menus. save your money and get an accountant. just work more hours
plenty to be desired. there are options such as making expenses billable is not available. previously had issues with adjusting tax in the app and the support team told me to use the web based version. what's the point in having an app with features when the support team just tells you use the web version.
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
statements. as a mobile business i’m not able to send statements from my iphone 7s when i’m traveling on the road and working out of town, this is the inconvenience we have with quickbooks, i wish you could fix that.
intuitive. qb does a great job with the app. easy to understand if you use qb online.
so simple. i love this programme. i allows my wife and accountant to see and work on everything at the same time as me out on the road. it has saved me so much time i can't quantify.
covers everything. love qb love how you can work quick on the go as well, on the phone or ipad as well as computer. it can be overwhelming but customer service is always super helpful. just and over all great product.
good app. overall this is a good app, would be nice to have more features such as gp% per job or integration with credit card payment
great app. really happy and love quickbooks
a+. app works great
. i've been using quickbooks for a few years. it's been great. but lately i haven't been able to access old invoices or quotes. very inconvenient for past work that we've done. now i'm having a huge issue with latest data not syncing to my device and can't even get into my account. things should be getting better not worse. i've consulted with customer service which hasn't helped either.
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
. excellent very useful app for business purpose.
unfinished app. you guys shouldn't have launched an app with half the major features missing.
so easy to use!. i hate accounting, so this app makes my life so easy!
perfect. changed over from using sage about 6months ago and have never looked back, excellent software, the app makes it completely agile and useable on the move.
. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program. the app on a mobile device doesn't even open. it says sync problem. it's been days since i logged into the app. always problems with this company. the app is terrible.....
doesn't work properly!!!!!. doesn't work properly!!!!! you should fix all bugs before u sell your service, especially then it's about money and business, stay away if u want save you time!!!
. i was not aware that you needed their main subscription of $25 per month to access this extra monthly charge. also i am still being charged my one month payment for thinking i could use this on my andeoid only and signing up. not impressed for a co.pany i worked with their software for years. now like microsoft, it's a money grab with subscriptions. sad. loved them for years.
more of a headache than a help. registered online, used same login info for the app, and the app says it's a free trial. online service not communicating well with app and i was hoping to use the app most of the time. sigh.
. love this app.
i like it. i still like it. i don't know all of what has changed yet but i think it is easier for me to get around that before.
. love it, used quickbooks 2013 before this and so far i like the features this has better seems easier to use
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
awesome. love this app!! so easy and quick to use
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
cis deductions on apps!. unable to do a cis invoice on the app.. massive let down as this is not a feature yet
buggy. app has been very buggy. for a few months i lost the ability to add expenses and not every time i click on home the app closes. using brand new iphone 7.
highly recommended. it saves me a lot time from working on invoices and so. it help me on whenever i need it, i just have to take out my phone and i'm able to use what i need to.
. easy to use onthego as my business is mobile. able to navigate with minimal fuss.
. is it possible to link this app with my desktop quickbooks software?
good functionality but slow to load. great functionality, good app but it takes too long to load. i don't need the homescreen with current activity to load each time. i just want to add an invoice.
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
auto service. makes my invoicing a lot quicker and easier to get taken care of.
. cannot log in don't have online subscription
can't create new invoice. very troublesome considering this was an app i raved to people about its efficiency yet now i can't even create a new invoice and earn money... just paid for premium too. very disappointed and would like my money back for each day the app is rendered useless.
business owner. very good app ,thank you
don't bother. been using qb desktop for years. disapointed in the sasmobile version. mobile app is slow and frequently fails to load at all. not much functionality at all besides creating invoices. checking account balances or customer ar is not worth the bother on mobile app. this is an ok solution. i bet there are better options available than qb mobile app.
. grat app now with the new version and updates this is the best app for contractors like myself that are always in the field.
touch id and pin not working. i down loaded the update; the update was suppose to help improve touch id and the pin. however, now bone of them work and i have to sign in every time. i tried it on my iphone and ipad neither work. disappointing
not working. i have been using for years on my pc and ipad. now all of a sudden the mobile app is not working on my ipad. not recognizing my email. spoke to tech support....supposed to be fixed but it’s not.
. i love the freedom that qbook gives me with the online version i can work at any place out side of the office.. also update are free and there free support team are the best. thanks so much qbook for be there for my business and me..
touchid times out. unfortunately the touchid authentication doesn't work as you'd expect. the app constantly asks for you to enter a password even with it enabled.
great app and the best accountancy system so far.. i've tested many different products from competitors and quick books is the best so far. i've used online version first and then downloaded mac app which is quite fast to use. mobile app works seamlessly with both and its great business tool. i don't really understand other negative reviews and people having issues with software. please make sure you're using latest updated version of the app and your ios. thanks matt
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
great app. use it while in the field working on my samsung galaxy tab pro 10.1 don't even need to break out the laptop!!
quickbooks online accounting software.. this app is not a doubleentry system accounting app, but rather a singleentry bookkeeping in which you only need to log each transaction of income or expense once, in the way quicken and other check writing software programs work,
contractor. works great for all aspects of my business. only issue is updating my accounts linked to it. just keeps sending details to my bank and never stops. i have to reset every time to update. other then that it's great
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
crash, crash, crash. this app will crash and after every single thing you!
. this app works sometimes and then not at all. i log in and there is no icons to search customers or anything at all. please help!
i love the ease of doing business on the go.. app is fast, user friendly, and i can do all of my business while traveling.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
. great app and very user friendly! love that i can create documents right from my phone!
good expense tracker. good for tracking expensing. everything else really needs to be done from the desktop version. handy little app, but it needs some work to truly run things from this app.
impressed. i put off upgrading to online version after using quickbooks pro for five years, struggling to enter online direct debit expenses and payments. online version makes entering data easy and efficient. such a time saver for me. well done intuit! definitely worth the monthly subscription fee.
love this app!!!. it's come a long ways in being user friendly. i do wish you could have the access and control you have from your desktop to at least review your reports. see your registers.
. it makes life easier!
i love this quickbooks!!. it makes my life easier and helps me with my taxes. just a few clicks and a email and my tax guy has all he needs
. good easy compliment app to the cloud. could use some improvements for speed and updating however very easy to use
hopeless. ever since my accountant asked to use it, the app is never able to retrieve any data keeps giving a message to say ‘unable to retrieve data’. what’s the point of the app if i can’t see the dashboard and data when i need to?
easy to use!. this app gives me the leverage i need to stay organized.
. just the request for this app. i want to use it in my mobile also.
. i don't usually write reviews, i always dread using the app. i have a lot of receipt that i need to add to expenses. it's a big effort to find the right transaction and add the receipt. it's painful to juggle between banking transaction and expenses. if usability of the app doesn't improve it's enough for me to pay extra and move to xero.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. very efficient and works great on my tablet.
not working properly after update. i just updated the app and now every time i try to edit an invoice it forces me to refresh the invoice and i lose my changes. the pin number does't work, i added it again and made sure it is turned on, but i have to sign in with my username and password each time. it worked perfectly on the last update.
. you can't edit invoice style, and the web version isn't any better. i constantly have to switch between app, website and desktop. the settings and controls aren't easily accessible.
. where do i start. purchased to help with accounts for small self employment business. did not upload new transactions from bank account or paypal as advertised on app or the full site. mileage tracker was not accurate. user interface too basic. so frustrating as i would use this constantly but as it does not upload my transactions properly, it is unusable. far too glitchey as an app. wish i had done free trial and not wasted money on it.
quicbooks is just plain lame. absolutely ridiculous how one cannot add extra fields in invoicing. support is full of excuses claiming things will be fixed and never goes anywhere. then got message that everything from qbse would have to be migrated to their more comprehensive (read expensive) package... basically just a trap.
great app. really happy and love quickbooks
. lacks functionality and still cannot access by bank account to reconcile. cannot recommend this app. avoid.
hot garbage. latest update to this piece of garbage app requires you to log in every single time. pathetic these guys can’t get it right.
wow superb app. it is so well designed
. great app
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
bookkeepers or better only! too much info available to users.. this app would allow a salesman taking orders to view way too much information. it's nice that it integrates with the qbo program, but what am i supposed to do about salesmen that only need to check inventory and write orders? surely they should be excluded from the company books! very disappointed in the time i wasted talking to intuit salespeople who materially misrepresent the functionality of the program
can’t enter bills. totally useless
glitchy and they keep raising prices. constantly crashing, both the ios app and the mac version. and they just raised the price to $60month. not worth it.
quickbbooks online app. very easy to use and syncs effortlessly with your accounts data held in the cloud. a real time saver!
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
perfect business program. only thing missing is purchase order creation
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
tremendous time saver. i rarely login to quickbooks online any more and have never looked back from switching from the full desktop version. the mobile app is a tremendous time saver and allows be to better server my clients.
. sole trader; i was spending hours on spreadsheets before finding this app. it has frozen a couple of times at inopportune moments but overall great. the ability to create a purchase order on my phone is the only missing link so far. 5 stars!
. software works ok and only ok. however the monthly price seems to have gone up exponentially for no reason over the last 2 years. edit: changed from 3 stars to 1 star thanks to the developer's response.
the convenience of this service is worth every penny. without this app, i would often forget to log in after a job and record my time on an invoice. now, i can record billable time, field notes and expenses as i perform them, and email the bill to my customer upon my departure. the only thing i would like to see added is a way to record mileage as miles.
crashing constantly. crashes nonstop. i get two entries in and then crash. sick of it. come on intuit.
app lacks functionality. info being offered isn't current 2017 information. try looking up purchase orders per vendor and it displays last years (2016) scattered information. not very useful... this app is only good for sales invoices and p&l reports. that's about it. and who's to say that stuff is even current without double checking with the online database from your computer. payments: unreliable looks like i'm sticking with the gopayment app. just another step to my day to day book keeping tasks...
very easy to use. works great but doesn't email invoices or estimates
awesome app. i was hesitant going to the monthly subscription, but it has been awesome always having access to my business account. the app looks and works just like the desktop app on my mac.
great convenient tool in my pocket. easy tool that makes managing my business easy. i love that i can track expenses and receipts by syncing my banks count and snapping pictures with my cell phone. super convenient features that recognize future transactions and automatically categorizes them. the only downfall thus far, is that it keeps crashing! please fix it so it can be five stars instead of 4.
. its very good program keeping my books in order, reminding of unpaid invoices connects to external management software, great stuff
. i am blessed for all the riches that i have. and this app is one of them
. customer service is absolutely horrible. signed up yesterday online. found out customizing invoices function has been broken for 3 months. call this morning to cancel subscription and get a refund. they're answer basically was we've got your money we're not going to refund it. you have been warned stay away from quickbooks
great program. i love the program and still give it 5 stars nonlinear issue is i can’t run credit cards on the ipad version. wish it worked.
good resource. i will update this as i see necessary, haven't made a customer service call yet. but overall the navigation is something to get used to because it's very in depth and many details that you would expect are included with the software.
. i am using quick books since a weak very happy with it as of now the help line is also quite good they will help me to solve my query or doubts then and there problems faced so far is there is no sms options and sometimes waiting time for my turn in the helpline
. je n'arrive pas à le télécharger!! fini jamais ...... :(
cloud attachments  well done!. i've been waiting years for the ability to attach files to an invoice from a cloudbased source and it's finally here in this release. thank you! now my computer usage is 99% ios, independent of a desktop.
great app on the go. there isn't any comparison to the quality and convenience of the quickbooks package
real convenient. it's a big time saver. i'm able to send invoices from anywhere. that alone has allowed me to get paid quicker.
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started.
. the app was good until the free teial was up. i tried to subscribe but it wouldnt go through.. i uninstalled and reinstalled and lost everything and it still wouldnt work!!!!
. so far i am verry happy with qb online. will update if this changes.
. it would be great if you could see what the bank balance is. new update, you can now see your balance sheet so you can tell what your bank balance. good update.
disappointed. i just switched from my trusty iphone to an android phone, this app on my iphone was perfect! it had a list of products and services, unlike the android version. it also loaded all the estimates and invoices for all my customers, this android version hardly has any of my past transactions! please make this like the ios app!
. love being able to work in quickbooks from my phone! one of the best features is being able to take a picture of your receipt and attach it to your expenses right from your phone. makes your bookkeeping incredibly easy! wonderful customer service, love the payroll, too many good things to say about this app.!
. great app for managing my business on the go  easy to use!
. does not open on my phone. crashed
everything i need right from my phone. so handy to be able to do estimates, invoices, and record my expenses right from my phone! will save a lot of time with bookkeeping as now i can enter everything on the go.
great app.. make it more like online functionality. but i love the expedience especially in negotiations.
. cant even login. keeps telling me to restart app amd try again
excellent. great mobile app from intuit, quickbooks online is great and although a bit different from the desktop version it has improved the way i work with my clients
best i've used.. not the most expensive i've tried but by far the easiest. takes minutes to send an instant invoice. 1010 from me.
. user friendly for the droid not so much in the appleipad.
good and useful. chamuka
. omg please fix the lag!
. love how easy it is to reconcile and snap pics of receipts!
easy to use. great app! gives me most things i need to know on the go. however, i wish it would show me revenueexpense charts.
. does not work for this guy.cant even link my bussiness account to it.worthless waste of money.i feel scamed
. my wife has this app and it works well for her business. i got this app based on her recommendation but unfortunately it has been full of technical difficulties. several hours wasted on talking to tech support and was told the tech team might resolve issues in a week. all details of my invoices are erased and wrong dates are shown on all invoices amongst other problems. wish they could solve this faster, has been very stressful experience so far for me.
. awesome app, does everything i need to operate a small business.
. so far just trying out the app. it seems to have what i need so far but will do further work on it.
ease of use. simple and intuitive. makes it easy to review accounts on the go and create invoices onsite.
awesome app. quick books is really an awesome app. links up to accounts quickbooks payments. i can access from all my devices. it’s really versatile. you can make great estimates as well. emailed invoices and estimates look very professional.
. can't even use app from tablet
. quickbooks banking is my favorite part of the app, because it's easy you catergorise all your expenses and incomes. the dashboard shows an overview of your financial situation.
no backup. i no longer needed the software so cancelled. but, once they stop collecting your money, they destroy your financial records. this then makes it impossible to do your taxes! unless you have a backup or regularly download the records, it will screw you over. i contacted them and they basically said, you lose! canadian law requires them to maintain your records for seven years!
. good value for money, easy to use most the time. only frustration is needing to be online when using and in our area we haven't got a good connection.
basic business. although it does have obvious business needs covered. it doesn't offer the next step in organization. without the ability to create work orders, or track services performed. it remains a minuscule part of my daily business. it really doesn't have anything that separates itself from other simple invoicing programs or applications. it's cloud based convenience remains the reason for my usage.
. love it, can do most things on my phone too, really useful for a tradesman
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient.
. makes things sooo much easier and frees up time! no more sitting in front of a computer all day a couple times a month doing data entrybook keeping. very user friendly app and program. only thing i have to log on to do is mark and sort deposits on the sales end.
i love quickbooks online. i love quickbooks online & my accountant does also. this app is really good for doing your expenses on but as far as invoicing i still do it on the computer. it's very handy for a small business. the fact you can enter an expense, take a picture of the receipt & go on your merry way. i'm sold.
fonts too big and can’t be read anymore. since the latest update, fonts are too large and you can’t read the amounts of your invoices anymore. sent them many screenshot examples, still can’t use the app anymore. also, sometimes you can’t even “accept” an invoice on the app as well. useless for me to use now. what a shame, because i used it daily. iphone 11 pro with latest ios v13.2.2
actually makes accounting a little bit fun. i absolutely love the way this app allows me to record, photograph and categorise expenses from receipts. so easy that it actually is fun. delighted that i can get rid of all this paper!
. quickbooks online helps my company operate from my truck & my house it is very easy to use & once you get the hang of it organizing my business for my accountant it helps in ways i can't explain
excellent software. so easy to use, it's great and self explanatory.
. how much does it cost per month or per year? i have quickbooks software on my pc does it link with the software on my personal computer?
quick and easy. had a few teething issues getting used to the system, but i fund it easier to work and the app makes it easy to take shots of receipts to add electronic records
. very useful in conjunction with app on pc.
great app.. will help me tract expenses!!
. good app and easy to use.
brilliant app. i have tried a few other invoicing and book keeping apps and had a lot of problems with them. i have been using quick books for nearly a year now, and it's easy, professional and complete. i am very happy with it, and recommend it to everyone. thank you
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
great app. works well
. error code 132.100 quickbooks doesnt even have a fix for it. customer service has no clue as to what they are doing. i like paying for software that i can't use
good app. not 100% good.
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
great mobile app. this app is perfect for my business. i'm out of the office majority of the day so being able to send or create estimates and invoices is very nice. quick and easy
aes. great app, worth the investment
. great app. i enjoy it. helps me with my small business
user. good app but needs more features
. can't view emails that it sends, it doesn't track when reminders are sent on past due invoices, you can not offer multiple terms (i.e. invoice net 30 but offer a net 15 discount if they pay early). tech support wait times are extensive (40 min on one call, 20 min on a chat). all that and it's expensive.
. :) very good app. i do all my invoicing from my phone or tablet.
. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless. hello quickbooks how about a fix?
where the banking. i want to accept transactions while i sit in bed, this app is far from useful without that capability, come on intuit, make the app complete. as is, a total let down!
. app never up to date with website or it does not show you everything you can see online. sometimes you can't even see anyone's invoices or estimates. always an issue.
so much that's so wrong. this rating is for qbo overall, because the app lives in an infrastructure. qbo is rapidly becoming the biggest pos in the accounting world. not sure what they’re trying to do, but it isn’t producing a usable set of books. the app is just a small part of the collapse.
great for mobile small business !. we couldn't live without our quickbooks online mobile app! look up information and match bank transactions right away. would like to see more functionality for customer and vendor invoicing and billing options as well as filtering but overall a great, easy to use tool.
biz essential. still learning to capitalize on having my business so accessible on the fly. i send estimates and invoices before i leave the bid sometimes.
freakin awsome!!. every time i asked for certain features in future updates......they did it!!
worst in india. i install it after that i it not support in india can you suggest me other options for android
great app. i have no complaints.
. can't add items i used to live this app. i wished it would work when i add a item. to my invoices evertine i tap add item and choose my item to add it says error add item. it reallly stinks because i loclve using this app while i am in the road. now i habe to bring my computer and take time to find wi fi hot spots to use my computer please fix thia problem. our help me fix it
nice and easy to use. i have try this app. as a startup owner, it is very good to generate estimate & invoice
great software all round. quickbooks is easy to use and manage. software and app work easily together. makes small businesses life simpler. love being able to use app to do expenses and invoicing on the go.
simple and beatiful. i'm a happy paying customer. the ui can certainly be improved but it is simply the best of it's class at the moment. the ready customization for malaysia gst and online integration with malaysian banks are awesome. i love the modern look of the web and mobile web version while their competitors are still stuck with ui from late 90s and early 2000.
anytime fitness owner. great app. intuitive, clean & high functioning. just wish transfer money and a help link was a function. if it is, please advise.
easy and convenient. as a first time user, both app and desk top versions of quick is easy to use. moreover, the app makes my life much easier. even when i'm out of the office, invoicing, paying, receiving, and quick views of current status can be done at the fingertips.
getting there. each update adds more functionality, but much is still missing compared with the pc version.
great small business tool. great for sending invoices, tracking due invoices, and emailing with document or pic attachments. cut out a good deal of my paperwork.
helps me so much. new business owner, this app has been so helpful. can do estimates send invoices and input expenses from any where, weather im at the store or on the go i can work
nice tool. i like this tool a lot but it could use more links. you need to add the ability to add to the time sheet service. i upgraded to use that on all my business phones on the field and low and behold support lied to me and said it was possible. so i upgraded and guess what it's not in the app.
don't waste your time. everything is centred at getting your secure bank details. so they can send it off somewhere unsecure. total waste of time. smooth to use but practical use is zero. for example you can not input expenses on the go. what's the point of the app then? so many little drawbacks. at this stage intuit should have had these things covered.
. was working ok then app was updated,. help centre can't give time to fix or troubleshoot to be able to use this whilst out on jobsites not happy at all costing money
. re routing several pages.. but not able to sign in.. after installation of app and having my all personal details it's showing that we should go n check desktop version.. then why it's as android app?
. very cool for our business great app helps put us a step ahead of the competition and print an estimate on the spot from our truck selling the job automatically.
. similar issues as gillian, dashboard blank, constant error messages on mobile. i also ended up accidentally reinstalling a slightly different version and was paying double!! i didn't realize there were two very similar apps!! i also uninstalled reinstalled and it didn't fix issue. i am currently trying to figure out how to recover all the expenses and photo's of receipts for the tax season.
working great. have been using qb for about a year now. has been a great tool for an on the go company like mine. now with the self employed online platform, i might switch up. still looking at which will serve me best. overall great product and customer support gets an a.
horrible. constant crashes at the worst of times!!! aarrrggghhhh!
so easy. this app makes it so easy to print invoices for my clients on the go! also cuts down on time that i have to sit at my desk at home and allows more time with family. great app.
three years using qbo. very dissatisfied.. bugs and more bugs. slow and clunky functionality. bait and switch pricing. no way to communicate effectively with qbo as they are pro forma all about feedback and customer service however the poor souls tasked with providing it have no two way communication with the people who actually code this bug ridden system. i am actively looking for other solutions that provide ipad and iphone data entry.
l hill,president, ceo. at roomsaround campus llc, we use quickbooks all day long to handle our rental properties. tenants can get up to the minute information on their account and we know exactly where we stand fiscally. but what i really love is that rent payment which are sent out automatically, electronically with a link to the intuit payment network, are posted automatically. wow, what a time saver. oh, and the support is fantastic too.
"cool expenses feature allows upload of receipt  needs croppdf tool. one of the best parts of the app is the ""expenses"" feature, which allows you to enter all of the details of an expense on the go, including the expense account, how you paid (credit card, etc), and any memodescription of the transaction. i'd like to see the image upload function in expense allow for cropping, and even better, auto pdf conversion with cropping, like the camscanner app"
excellent. quickbooks online works great for me and makes my work much easier especially with the phone app
it's ok not super. i'd like to have the ability to creat checklists and forms that aren't effectively invoice like. i also don't like intuit screwing with their databases and allowing some invoices and expenses to go missing from my account.
create a project under a customer for ios. this needs to be added asap. we are a mobile company and would very much utilize creating a project on the go in ios. both for ipad and iphone. thanks.
. love the flexibility of using the app in keeping the business running.
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
forced payroll system not working. since march 2017 our payroll that they force you to pay for if you have employees has not working correctly. edd efile is non existent, cannot archive reports, and irs efile is sporadic. customer service wont credit any amount nor can they fix the problem even after “escalating” it to priority customer support. three “cases” opened, none of which fixed the problem. do not buy this product.
. quick books is a wonderful and helpful program. when i have questions i am assisted by technical support team.
useless after update. quickbooks was wonderful until the most recent update rendered it useless. things won't save. transactions hang up. very frustrating.
. great smb accounting software. use it for my company and have had no issues at all. customer support is responsive as well.
great app. been with quickbooks for two years now and still really impressed very easy to use and works across all platforms would strongly recommend
. worst app don't use it. it shows us a very professional look and feel but truth is that it doesn't work in android mobile in india and online version of desktop is totally sucks just because it is very slow. these peoples are making fool of us totally.
good functionality but slow to load. great functionality, good app but it takes too long to load. i don't need the homescreen with current activity to load each time. i just want to add an invoice.
bank transfers take too long. i am very frustrated. it has been 1 week since my clients paid their invoice and the money still is not in my bank account after 1 week. unacceptable!
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
great. love this app. some glitches but overall great.
essllc. works great, always performs as i need it too, makes invoicing and estimating a lot faster and easier! thank you qb
bad user interface. the service doesn’t fully integrate with mobil usage. paying for the payroll service and can’t even use it. garbage, waste of money.
very nice.. very helpful considering that is cloud app. i work with it everywhere a go.
hd lawn care. this app has help me so much with my business billing. i highly recommend it.
great. efficient. user friendly.. really enjoying having this app option for my business. absolutely loving quickbooks intuit online!! really like it can upload photos of receipts. my only suggestion would be to allow photos to be upload to an itemized bill. thank you.
. absolutely unless on android. it does not show the right invoices overdue only a select few and shows completely different things and different sums of money on iphone compared to android phone, in fact its completely different on all platforms i.e tablet android, ipad, pc windows and iphone.
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
quick access. great app on the go.
best thing i did for my business. very easy to learn and work with. now i can make invoices on my phone, tablet or computer and get paid fast. plus it is easy to pay employees and keep track
makes it all the easier. program runs excellent always active on me note 3 a couple of things id love to see added. purchase orders and file attachments to invoices this would perfect it for me.
awful.. you can't even add transactions to your account registers. ridiculous.
. this app keeps getting error loading items, to invoice and estimates can't use it. i call them for support and they have no support they referred me to log in on the web site and the same happens the search button flashes and dispensers. don't waste your time and money. if any one know about a good and reliable app let me know. this one is not reliable nor is their support.
. very easy to use, takes little effort to keep track of all your sales and spending. i do wish it had a spot to put miles withought buying the mile version though.
. used to work perfect ever since update it's very unreliable. can't log into app reliably. it often locks me out right when i'm standing in a customer's house trying to invoice them or locks me out when i need to go through my client list for a phone number etc. i suggest you consider competitors software until the app becomes stable again.
simple, just plain works.... easy to set up, use and send invoices, receive payments and figure out the taxes.
. works great for me sending invoices and receiving money
. really. trying to do work here and you are forcing an update. no time for this bs
just say no.. qbo is a horrible, flaky and unreliable. pushed out long before it was ready and there is no escalation for problems.
overall ok. if you have an issue good luck getting a hold of customer support. freezes up at least once a week and sometimes i can’t get into my invoices. for what i am paying for i expect more
quickbooks is quirky. i am not a fan because they just don't embrace mac users. the app is not reliably working.
love it. i'm no doing anything super sophisticated but i love the app. easy to use to keep invoices and expenses current on the go!
mason electric. we use this app every day. phones, tablet, laptop all connected and really easy to use.
customer name. can't see contact name but i can see fax # who uses that please fix so we can ss the contact persons name on page with phone # this should be an easy fix
. excellent app
not a user friendly apps. not flexible
time tracker missing. the online version is friendlier then the online desktop version, but all in all a great app. one thing missing is the time tracker. would be great to be able to track your time spend on a project and book it to an invoice.
. like this app! haven't gotten too deep into the functionality
. very useful
simple and easy. i find the app and the computer program simple and easy to navigate. i operate my small business using quickbooks and i am yet to have an issue.
5 star. with expense tracking. this is now awesome
. doesnt support android.
impressed. i put off upgrading to online version after using quickbooks pro for five years, struggling to enter online direct debit expenses and payments. online version makes entering data easy and efficient. such a time saver for me. well done intuit! definitely worth the monthly subscription fee.
full functionality missing from mobile app.. quickbooks online and the mobile app do not communicate effectively. it's like running two different programs that aren't fully integrated. mobile app lacks time reports and seamless expense invoicing especially in expense details. attempting to add item descriptions to expense reports does not work. there simply isn't a place for it. also, attempting to view a transaction with time, mileage, or reimbursable expenses results in an unable to view prompt. as such the app gets one star.
. the service online is terrific. the app errors anytime i try to update from my smartphone for over a month now. support is unresponsive via email.
. software works ok and only ok. however the monthly price seems to have gone up exponentially for no reason over the last 2 years.
easy to use. excellent app. very straight forward to use. the only issue i have is not been able to raise purchase orders on the app. this is very important to me because of the nature of my business, other than that it's spot on.
. i've been trying to use this app for months and months. it doesnt work, and nobody has done anything about the problems even though there are numerous complaints and bad reviews. i'm getting ready to stop paying for quickbooks and find something else. i mainly wanted to us the app for taking pictures of receipts, but due to the syncing issues, i can't submit more than one receipt picture without the app hanging or freezing. i've tried reinstalling, clearing cache, etc. with no luck.
. can do a lot quickly. like most apps doesn't allow you to do everything you can do on full site. great for adding invoices on the go.
awesome. this app is awesome quick efficient and mobile please consider for small business accounting needs
amazing. but how do i change the currency? i need to use kenya shillings. i also can't see a trial balance
love this app!. i have my own business and quick books makes my life a lot easier.
. has potential but hasn't let me update any transactions since day one. tells me to try back in a few hours. not the best way to run a business budget. update: it's been a week and still broken. performed all the suggestions in the response article. update 2: yeah did email them like you asked. still waiting for a reply...
. doesn't work on pixel 3xl. crashes as soon as it starts every time. wave works great though!
. great app, easy to use!
. after installing and recovering my account details this app offers me some trial? should be stated somewhere beforehand.
changed my world in a good way!. simple, intuitive, any device, anywhere. let's me do my accounting on the fly instead of working though a pile of admin at the end of the month.
. can't do payroll, can't edit a register, come on intuit, $600 a year and this is your app!
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
useless for mobile access. doesn't have any of the features you would expect from a mobile app. if you want to do anything other than create a invoice or view transactions you put in from your desktop, its a waste of time. no balances, no accounts, nothing useful at all.
👌🏼. not a bad app
request. how can i easily find the last price charged to the customer on a specific item?
great improvement!. makes entering expenses & invoicing so much easier.
doesn’t keep track of suppliers. this app works fine as long as you only want to send novices. unfortunately it doesn’t tell what you owe your suppliers and allow you to pay their bills, so while you are running around invoicing clients the suppliers will be sending the bailiffs round to your office.
good. nice app
. it's convenient when on the go. love how i can invoice and récord payments when away from office. keeps me on track. easy to work with.
it gets better and better. i was a huge sceptic (i have been a pro advisor for several years)and very had a very negative opinion of qb online. that was until a couple of years ago when i attended a presentation of the capabilities of the software. i was sold on its usefulness and have been using and recommending it ever since. qb online adds important features regularly. buy it!!! you won't be disappointed
daily user of this app. getting better and better keep up the development i appreciate it.
. good and simple
. doesn't connect to all bank accouns. some of us don't have the opportunity of the standard high street back account due to various issues in our pasts. i have tried to connect a cashplus business account and it isn't supported.
decent app. very limited features. needs to allow photo capture of customer checks. also needs deposit feature.
. this is a great app for my small business and has helped me to stay organized and saves time!
nightmare update. it was bad before the update. how could it be even worse now? unending refreshing bank data (constant spinning wheel) makes it virtually useless and beyond frustrating for reviewing and matching transactions on the iphone.
. how about an update to the other app? suggestions that have been requested: 1) access to notes! 2) insert item above or below another on invoice. 3) merchant services integration. 4) take photos and attach to customerjob. 5) time tracking, the ability to punch inout for appts. 6) signature capture...things to be fixed: 1) map link still populates the customers name in the search (this was supposedly fixed, but it isn't). 2) support for custom fields on templates 3) editing of invoices and
entering bills?????. why have intuit decided not to support bill entering on this app?!? it great i can import my paper receipts using the camera, but whats the point if i can't enter as a bill only an expense?!?
good, not great.. quickbooks online can do everything i need it to do. but i have trouble getting invoices, quotes and expenses saved to the cloud. it's annoying and aggravating to be waiting for things to upload. if the cloud sync thing worked seamlessly, then it's a 55 for sure.
way to much money for the service don't buy into claims. never is up to date loads so slow a total waist of money.
game changer. changed the way i handle my business transactions. from a simple to complex my invoices and estimates are presentable, traceable and accounted for. my reports help me secure loans in a flash. and my accountant loves me.
app shows incorrect transactions. transactions do not match the selected vendor. works when you have few transactions. once you pass 20k it becomes slow and inaccurate.
great app for on the go guys. great for the road warriors who are in the field working and don't have time to do office work
. best feature, snap a pic of receipts, log em immediately, drop the actual receipt in a shoebox, & forget about it!!! you can see if anyone paid instantly on your phone, send an invoice change, i mean its the fastest accounting i've ever done in 20yrs!
. keeps crashing! i can't even get the app to start up to the log in screen most of the time.
dont waste your time. the support on this app is non existent. signing up is a slow impossible process
missing functionality. reliable app but authentication is too slow. also some features aren't available. i sometimes just use the web app through the browser to access those features.
review. i am self employed, i find quickbooks is easy to use as my business is extremely simple. i do have an issue with the annual cost. i think that you should have different rates for individuals like myself who only use it a few times a week.
awesome app. it's very user friendly and informative. i really like how easy it is to assign an expense category and the convenient display of the profit  loss feature.
. i have not been able to sign in to the app on my phone for a few months now. when i select ny company file, it has to think about it for a few minutes then i get a message saying an error has occurred and to try again later. i then can send this to intuit, which i do, but have never once heard back as to what the errorissue is that is not allowing me to sign in.
very impressed!!!. this is well worth it. we are more on top of our books. it definitely has been a time saver and we love the pay bills from a click option. i really like the alerts to my overdue invoices too.
. great app use it all the time. east to use
offline. i am happy with the accounting and report model, but we prefer offline or on off software as our country not much internet cover.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
. great app, doesn't crash and still much to learn from it bur its helping keep my business organized
"buggy, rough, glitchy. frequently disconnectswon't sync to my companies data. frequently ""has trouble emailing this form"" when i try to send clients invoices. frequently is unable to save invoices. using 4g lte network and wifi with same results. says i'm offline when connected to wifi and network. only way to solve problems is seemingly to uninstall and reinstall app. update: now app frequently won't create pdf's that i can then print out. absolutely horrible for mobile business convenience."
i love this better than their computer program!!!!. i love this app better than my computer program they have, it's easier to use & easier to track your expenses & sales. i recommend this to all my friends that basically run their business out of a vehicle saves on extra work when you get home.
happy. so far so good, but needed my accountant to help me make head n tails of it. i'm a worrier and was concerned about the financial side of my business. now i'm happy. taken the stress away.
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
amazing. this app is a life saver! started my own hvac company in march of 2015 and this is the only app i use for keeping track of finances, invoicing, payroll and taxes. it really makes running my business as easy as possible! love it, thanks quickbooks!!
mr. trying to type this review the second time. first time have typed up a review, i was told my chosen nickname is taken and the whole text disappeared! basically app is waste of time! not all of my set suppliers are displaying. for an accounting program it should be spot on before publishing. i would not trust this app. beware!
. after updated the app to the latest version, this app can no longer be used as it keeps forced closing.
great app for every business. i have only played with this app a little to see what it can do, it is a great app for any service business, it automaticly updates all the records when you make a sell or a purchase. perfect if you are bad about keeping up with paperwork, this app will help u do it all as you go.
feedback. the app would be better if you were able to enter bills not just expenses. very annoying to have to also use my desktop computer to finish my book work.
works and convenient. easy way to enter sales and expenses. i've had no problems with this app.
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
over promised, under delivered. the desktop app is slow and the mobile app is lacking pretty important features. their tech support is horrible and can take days to resolve an issue....if they even admit that there is an issue.
missing functions. great app for its current functions but it is missing functions such as entering bills while on the road. most of my purchases are on accounts so it leaves me doing my book work at home like the old systems. if this gets added i will stay a happy user if not back to one of the other competitors.
not reliable. app logged you out while you’re still driving or doesn’t log you when you need it to. this used to be a great app but then this glitch happen with it not logging in and logging you out when you don’t want it to and when you contact customer service there’s no help other than delete the app and redownload it relogin yeah that doesn’t work.
review. love quick books but feel very much alone when it comes to new stuff or thinks i need help with it would seem to me that qb think that everyone as the same knowledge level as they do and a diary like the original one with barclays bank would be very useful
quickbooks. accounting app
just works. great app! no complaints, but my business isn't very big. looking forward to quickbooks scaling up with me!
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
won’t load in ios 13. need an update. ios 13 crashes. won’t load.
great app. very good app to manage quickbooks when you are away from your desk.
"complete shit. developers can't seem to get it right.. going from version to version will cause problems logging in. might as well not offer as a mobile app, ""on the go"" my ass. i was told ""we're working on"" (for the past 6 times i inquired) then the last time ""too bad, use the web site for now""."
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
limiting. very limited app
jason arnold. so far quickbooks has been great. their program has some flaws i’m told they are working on. the payroll is very very slow to get up and running. but all i. all it saves me time and money
best app yet. i manage my invoices and customers everywhere this is great. okay for the monthly cost.
terrible. try to do estimates on the quickbooks for ipad. it is easier to do on the quickbooks for iphone. intuit needs to get some people like myself with an office any where that using qb online very hard and heavy to beta test there software.
top notch program. i use it everyday for business! easy to use and cut my estimating time in half. i can even send estimates from the program. definitely worth the money.
slow. can be great and convenient but it can also be very slow (just like the online version). won't always let you edit invoices through the app.
"good app. quickbooks is just about perfect for my small business, one addition i would like is to be able to easily see a ""spend per customer"" button so i can easily add up the amount any repeat customer spend per yearmonth."
how did i run my business without it?. i do half my estimates and invoices on the go with this app. saves me so much time!
great app!. one of the best apps i have used!
missing too much functionality. basic features like looking at an account are missing. my chart of accounts are listed but clicking to view transactions says this account not viewable in the mobile app.
great app. need security code.. the app has lot of confidential data. please add security code to open the app, similar to quicken.
. as a sole proprietor it is great to work this app .
crashes on large invoice. works fine until you get a large invoice and then it slows down and or crashes
great software. i have a small pest control business. this software is exactly what i was needing. between quickbooks with invoicing and the calendar on my phone, i don't need to get any of those high price business softwares....
great book keeping app. use this app with the online version at home. very happy with it indeed. support could be a little better. but support is adequate. been using it for a couple of years and i'm very pleased.
more than convenient, it's necessary. having the app makes it so much easier to do business on the go. you can send estimates and invoices before the client meeting has even ended. efficient and essential!
so simple and quick to use. i have downloaded the app and have been using it for my self employed hairdressing. it is so easy to use and because i use my phone often it's great to pick it up at the end of the day and track my takings in which means i never have to worry about not being up to date. i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants an easy and simple way to keep detailed accounts!
good for on the road. let's me add invoices and expenses while away from the office, works well.
. exceptional experience and great customer service.
. good app
complement to quickbooks online. this app is a complement to quickbooks online. this apple really work good for making estimates sending invoices and much more. i wish gopayment and quickbooks online were integrated or as one. other than that, great app.
limited compared to quickbooks desktop. quickbooks online is just ok. it has some limits that did not exist in the desktop version. a lot of them have to do with assisted payroll. for example, the app does not tell you each pay period how much of a contribution to pay towards simple ira's and give you a chance to indicate whether they were paid. it just assumes it was done without giving you any notice. other limitations make it just ok.
lacking. app is seriously lacking in functionality. don’t buy quickbooks online unless you plan to do most of your work from a desktop. kind of defeats the purpose. way overpriced and they keep raising the price too :( wish i had stuck with the quickbooks pro platform.
ease of use. simple and intuitive. makes it easy to review accounts on the go and create invoices onsite.
able to view lots. able to view lots, but this app is not the same as the online version.
very disappointed.. right now i'm looking for something that can run with my business. looking for more features less bugs and more useful.
. can't acess since last update!!!!!
great app. very helpful! good to go!
works well and good value. we migrated from the desktop version and that was relatively easy to do and the online version is cost effective and does what it says on the tin! it's great that it's on my phone and ipad as well as desktop gives me access when i need it. no issues so far and the support is good.
"error. i dont even understand why massage always popup said ""failed to connect with server"" when everytime tried to login using this app..send several of email to support team but theres no answer n solution..please do something i am a quickbooks online plus subscriber.."
great app!. easy to navigate and great to have access with you at all times. love it!
quickbooks. great app. excellent business account program to run my business from my iphone.
love it. ian finally able to track my expenditures and income totally on the go. no more playing catch up! love that i have receipt images and that i can make notes that will refresh my memory on the exact thing i bought. just getting to putting my logo on invoices... i know that there is a lot mor that i can do with this program i am very much a beginner love what it does so far!!!!
. it keeps logging me out. this is a pain in the ass. please fix this.
do not buy. while i think this could be a good product, the app ruins it. i have both the base and the arm. the app crashes every time i use them. at times it takes 3 tries to get them to finish reading. terrible product!
amazing. this is so much easier to use and access. we are out in the field more time than at the office and to be able to email am invoice to a customer in front of him is awesome.
love it. so easy to use and fantastic customer support for those of us who are not good at this kind of thing, would highly recommend quickbooks for all small businesses, we love that being online we can have it on all our devices and have what ever we need on hand all the time, no more leaving quotes at home! invoicing on the run is great too.
help. the android app is very very slow it takes a long time to change a estimate to a invoice i have emailed support several times about the issue with no reply please speed it up.
no longer works on ipad. this app is no longer functioning as of the most recent update. it used to work on the ipad. the camera feature is difficult to use when trying to take a picture of receipt. it doesn't allow me to record payments any longer. please fix.
. absolutely love it because i can enter transactions in my books anywhere. it's very convenient.
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
. userfriendly, can create bills and estimation from mobile app too
. love that i can create estimates, invoices, and view my banking account activity all on the go with one app.
. great app! it makes doing my small business easier!
"love this app. it is so awesome to be able to login to our accounting software and services do an invoice right from the service location we just finished up on... i can actually send a store manager a estimate sheet as a ""what was done  sign off sheet for his record in the case of a corporate billing. i am so glad i chose qb's online..."
. last update made my app work. great job! samsung galaxy s2 sprint epic touch 4g.
crap. this update is crap. my invoices won't update with the ipad. nothing like beta testing on your customers. typical for quickbooks
bugs. after updated ios 13, it’s not working. please fix the bugs.
quickbooks review. i'm just getting started and i'm definitely not a detail oriented person. quickbooks (so far) has made it very easy to input and the ability to link accounts makes it very simple.
. mostly worthless can't see bank balances or registers.
"bad idea. i downloaded to approve parole only to find i need a second app for that. two out of three ""recognized"" transactions are inaccurate. back to my mac for qb. ugly app guys. sorry..."
great program. great program for businesses. great for on the go!
. excellent including mobile app
. i operate two companies through the app and notice that suppliers and customers from one company end up being listed in the other! i would give more stars, but this is a glaring issue that needs resolving urgently.
good but could be better. overall quickbooks online is a reliable usable and productive app. it continues to lack obvious things like an ap screen on the landing page and better shortcuts to accounts. but it does the job well.
. works all fine and easy to use. pro tip: if anything breaks, delete your local cache and try again 😊 (thanks to the qb support)
"brilliant!!!!. works like a dream with qb online. i can finish a job and then send the invoice from my phone (whilst sitting at home drinking a cuppa!). just include ""totals"" for estimates and sales invoices please!"
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
. no expenses apple app has expenses. android does not. somebody please explain me logic of it. android ppl only care to make money? we spend nothing! yey
missing data on iphone and ipad. i have an issues where invoices are missing for some customer on both iphone and ipad. the show up absolutely fine on the web. i can see the payments but get the error when i open the payment qbm.error.00500000.reason.iphone. please fix asap
absolutely awful. first i was billed twice for it and then between the app and my laptop i can't fully edit fields or get it to sync with square. now it won't even let me cancel and delete it's terrible service. awful. awful. awful. steer clear
convenient. nice on the go app!
great app. this app makes it so easy for me to stay on top of my business. would recommend it to anyone that has a business and wants to know where it is financially.
. very slow and not convenient as current fast trend requirements....it's waste of money..i really suggest for zoho..very good..very fast ....best service and users convenient...
milage. like what it offers but for me to pay for it i need a way to track milage. this is the one huge advantage the desktop version has that the app doesn't seem to offer.
crashes. it now crashes. tried several times. updated everything. looked at website  no help. very disappointed, we pay good money for this.
not that great. was pretty good before the last update. new update is terrible, would be happy to speak with the suits upstairs. unable to fix this. makes it very frustrating. please fix this, straight away.
small business owner. i have been skeptical about leaving all my business information in an external server, thinking that one day, the software seller is not longer in business. intuit has given me that confidence and now i am very excited with services i have received so far. the program is easy to set up and easy to use. very friendly menus. you can use as many functions you wish. is good even for those who have little experience keeping track of business.
one step submittal group. very good online software
works smoothly. can't tell you how much time i've saved tagging receipts in this app. simple and useful.
. will add fifth star when they add support for inventory tracking
. this app works well for small businesses such as mine. convenience on the go.
great!. continues to impress and improve on this very useful app. i use it daily for bids, invoices and expenses. the addition of the ability to record expenses and photograph receipts has made my life so much more easy. and to be able to quickly add clients, easy estimates and quick invoices and finally receive payments is unbelievable and wonderful.
. very good and useful software.
. great app wish it was free for small home based enterprises
. this app is simple and really easy to use. makes my job way easier.
couldn’t get past sign up!. i downloaded the app and started the “freetrial” setup. it asked for my business name, then my countryregion. when i tapped to enter countryregion, it gave no options. it was blank and did not bring up keyboard for manual entry. so i can’t even use it.
welshman. love it. simple for me to send estimates & invoices from the field.
ios 10.01 update...... awful! not user friendly. keeps telling me to update safari to use program. still can't run checks!
useless. useless. confusing and incomprehensible.
please fix!!. i have used this app for the last few years for my business and have loved it. this latest update has made the app virtually unusable. it won't let me save an invoice, doesn't show payments made, makes me sign in every time even though i have a pin and the list goes on. very disappointed and hoping this is fixed soon.
. cancelling your subscription seems impossible. i've emailed, called, used their help menu. it shouldn't be this hard. still trying to cancel.
excelente aplicación. muy completa, fácil de usar.
. no good for basic simple book keeping and way to complicated. why would you trust a group of app developers will your banking details
user friendly. works great!. great app for running a small business. easy to use for estimates, invoicing, accounts receivable, etc. can't wait to integrate it with our payroll to make billing for labor even easier. highly recommend.
decent app missing features. overall the app works good. i wish it had some of the website features such as the ability to post deposits considering depositing money is a mobile activity.
mr. nice app
useless since update. the last update brings a gorgeous splash screen. i know this because i see it dozens of times each day since i have to log in every time i open the app! completely useless now.
app has low functionality. quickbook rocks but the app has very limited functionality leaving it as something not helpful to review reports
quick books. awsome app. helps when your always on the go.
do not use mobile to create your account. lost all our data on our old account because apparently if you first sign up using ios you absolutely cannot continue the subscription using your computer. had to just make a new account. you also can’t access any of the profile from the computer once the subscription runs out so i wasn’t able to download and save any of the data either. do not use mobile to create yor account.
. easy to use. minor software glitches occassionally but great !
application bug. depuis la mise a jours de ios 13 je ne suis plus capable de facturer mes clients . j’espère qu’il va avoir un correctif rapidement merci
estimate layout. i like the way the app works, i have problems when i need to include a lot of info on the estimates. when i send it it leaves the first page blank and cuts of some of the info on the second page. overall great though!
. mr 5 jobs omg its freakin awesome program
very useful. great app yo keep up with your income and expenses. i just love the way everything is set up.
excellent. quickbooks online works great for me and makes my work much easier especially with the phone app
good app. works for me.
did you not test the latest update?. crashes on startup... please fix asap. i use this daily. this used to work great.
. similar issues as gillian, dashboard blank, constant error messages on mobile. i also ended up accidentally reinstalling a slightly different version and was paying double!! i didn't realize there were two very similar apps!! i also uninstalled reinstalled and it didn't fix issue. i am currently trying to figure out how to recover all the expenses and photo's of receipts for the tax season.
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
outstanding app!. owning a small business has enough headaches as it is. with quickbooks, estimating and invoicing projects and services couldn't be easier! everything is streamline! here's a look inside my day to day as a landscaper using quickbooks: initial client meeting> estimate delivered before i leave the property.. bam! they call back that night or the next day and we have the job. after we finish the project, turn that estimate into an invoice on site.. bam! paid! $$ in the bank!
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
great app. works well recommend for chippys like myself :)
worst user experience. app is made of complex processes..i they are more focused on collecting data than providing service..uninstalled within 3 minutes
crashes with ios 13. just a heads up. when you try to take a picture of a receipt to upload to the account, the app freezes up and you can’t continue on. restarting the app doesn’t work either.
. terrible app, customer service is a joke with no follow up. switching to a different accounting software.
owner. has bugs but no more back ups .no more lost files
bookkeeping on the go. i own a small tax and accounting firm and this app has done wonders for customer service! being able to give my clients real time information from anywhere at anytime is a huge plus! i only wish this app would allow me to process ach and credit card payments on the fly!
. if you even subscribe to their free trial, they will call you dozens of times in a day. its too much. every time a new number, so i can't get rid off. heavy spamming. जीना हराम कर रखा है यार तुम लोगों ने
. i like everything except when using android does not let you check history of customers if it's older than a year say. ios however does. i have android. i need to call one of my employees to check history on their phone which is silly
less than impressed. the interface is way to different from the online version. i can’t even access payroll through the app. it’s way to simplified to be useful. it needs a serious update to be more user friendly
". update 101619: still useless as constant login issues persist, why use the app if i constantly have to uninstallreinstall + clear cachedata. constantly unable to use app  login, keep getting ""temporarily unavailable"" !!!"
. awesome app for lawyers
. easy use for on the road estimates and invoices.
does not show suppliers. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense, which makes mobile app a waste of time
great can scan bills directly with phone. i use phone app instead of pc sometimes, as i can record bill right when i make purchase, complete with scan on receipt. awesome.
great app for small business!. i love being able to enter my expenses and invoices from my phone. very convenient and makes tax time much easier!
. great app!
very good and getting better!. qbo has been a great addition to our company and has many great features over qb desktop. there are some bugs to work out but i'm very happy so far with the online application.
great. great app, ensures all my needs and saves me time so that i can be out in the field more often
. quick books online is perfect for a small business owner like myself. i can have a professional bookkeeping,payroll, and tax service with also being able to provide estimates and invoices out in the field. its perfect!! thanks so much much quick books. trey blocker blocket tree service
"disappointing. if you also make ""mint"", why make your subscription service app so much worse? mint is great. this app is not."
everything a small business needs. i absolutely love this app it does everything we need including taking pictures of receipts there's no reason to purchase another application or a scanner when you can do everything from your smartphone. awesome! #callsafe
superb. quite simply the best accounting app i’ve used. it saves so much time!
. great app...has issues every now and again but easily fixed with tech support!
. great app great
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
full functionality missing from mobile app.. quickbooks online and the mobile app do not communicate effectively. it's like running two different programs that aren't fully integrated. mobile app lacks time reports and seamless expense invoicing especially in expense details. attempting to add item descriptions to expense reports does not work. there simply isn't a place for it. also, attempting to view a transaction with time, mileage, or reimbursable expenses results in an unable to view prompt. as such the app gets one star.
love it. makes life so much easier
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
awesome app!. great product, has everything our small business needs, saved us a lot of time transferring from one program to this. reconciliation is a dream, so simple and easy to work out. have had no issues whatsoever and am very happy with the change over, has made life so much easier. 👍 thank you
won't allow adding services to invoice. i called tech support because i could not create an invoice for a customer. they had me uninstall & reinstall qbo app. it still wouldn't work. he said they're aware of the problem. it's still not fixed a week later.
doesn’t keep track of suppliers. this app works fine as long as you only want to send novices. unfortunately it doesn’t tell what you owe your suppliers and allow you to pay their bills, so while you are running around invoicing clients the suppliers will be sending the bailiffs round to your office.
. can't view financial report when i use android phone, could you fix it?
user role permission not supported. custom user role not supported on ipad. quickbooks recommends you to use online but the invoice interface is “blowout from screen” in chrome and safari and no available signature from customer. its annoying to use it online. this happens, at least, when the user have custom role, just permission for sales for instance.
. good app
update make app worthless. thanks for the update that prevents me from sending invoices.
signed out automatically. every time i launch the app it signs me out and i have to log in over and over. please fix this issue. it is annoying.
good but............... this app needs to have a debit option when adding expenses. also i am really frustrated at this moment, because your app keeps crashing on my ipad. if theses 2 issues are fixed i would give it 10 stars
. lousy app, it takes forever to just delete a picture from the app, send email to customers etc etc. so many bugs crawling in it. fix it man.
used to love it.... ever since the app was updated, i can no longer get past the sign in screen on my galaxy note 5. at least it still works on my ipad i guess...
a complete joke.. the quickbooks ipad app is pointless. the it team who did it either ripped you off, or, you asked for something ridiculously cheap and the it team delivered exactly what you paid for.
disappointed. just updated to the latest version and this app is crashing all day i can’t even use it normally i need to log on 10 times to write one customer i can’t run my business normally like this please fix asap the app tells me you need to do critical updates. idiot i juts updated the app and now it crashes ever time i open it
another quickbooks app. it gets super frustrating that you guys keep making us download a new app so you can start your reviews over. now your new app doesn’t recognize my account i have to sign in and out multiple times for it to actually load my data
almost useless. the app is good for sending invoices only. don't expect to be able to do any other business on the app. the mobile site is about as good as healthcare.gov. you can look at some things but forget everything else. again good for sending invoices only. i expected more from a established company.
n entendi nd. tenho 17 anos, nao entendi nd, sou burra ou esse app é ruim? talvez a primeira opção, mas de qq forma n gostei
. love the qbo app for small businesses. so much that can be done quickly.
ease of use app. loving to use app on phone writing invoices.
. unless you are truly tech savvy avoid this app since finding help was as bad as getting help from fb or instagram in my opinion.
. es un excelente programa, pero no encuentro opción para idioma español, está disponible en español la versión mobil ?
can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
. so easy to use on mobile. do the work, invoice it, and get paid
quickbooks online mobile. this app is very good and getting better. soon it will be as good as desktop version. thanks quickbooks team.
. very easy to use mobile app means i can invoice quickly!
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix!
. great app, i am a self employed consultant, i invoice with ach bank transfers for 0.0% free! all accounts synced. good stuff!
not happy with new update. new update has made navigating to the chart of accounts very annoying. you have to access one of 3 accounts (determined by qbs) that show up on the main page and then push the back button, magically the accounts list appears. poor design, but a simple fix. i don’t mind that the menu button has moved to the bottom, just please add a “chart of accounts” link. thanks.
. very nice shop, darin is very helpful
. after eading all the problems and seeing 90% of the reviews being 1 star im going to save a headache on this scam app should be taken off the market or sued for false advertising and costing people thousands of dollars. all the responses from support sound like they are prewritten for the complaints. please take app off the market and quit ruing the admin side of peoples hard work to start a business.
crashes. app crashes every time i'm using a lg g5 emailed support for help 3 weeks ago no response.sent response never heard back.
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes.
agree with useless. not what i expected. does not have the same functions as qbo. disappointed! would have been great and convenient if all functions were available.
. app never up to date with website or it does not show you everything you can see online. sometimes you can't even see anyone's invoices or estimates. always an issue.
muito satisfeita!. excelente ferramenta de gestão. fácil de trabalhar, fácil de aprender, você pode montar vários relatórios e os prontos são ótimos. estou encantada com a facilidade de uso do programa!:d
. lacking critical features. you have to manually track down and cut and paste the customers email address when sending a reminder for an overdue invoice. to top that off, there is no audit log. there is absolutely no way to see when an invoice was sent, reminders sent, who it was sent to, etc. this app is worthless to small business owners who work on the go.
. hasn't worked on my android phone for over a week. says error syncing data and rarely loads historical info. lost ability to photo invoices and seems to have lost tax settings as always wants to create them despite setting this up and using for 7 months now. support says they are aware and working in it for a week now
this app is useless on android.. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless.
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses.
love the app. excellent app just wish you guys would add the ability to turn on quantity while leaving rate off in estimates and invoices
. i love that i can do everything for my business through this app!
consistent. consistently bad. just like the qb for mac was unreliable and terrible, and purposely left that way to push customers over to qb online, this is no different. buggy, unreliable software is about the only thing intuit excels at.
great piece of kit for small business. i have a small business servicing skis and selling waxes from home, i had to send all my invoices out using a word template, this has streamlined all my admin and accounting processes leaving me more time to work with my customers equipment. highly recommended
just ok. the mobile version is fine. it the desktop version is full of bugs and slow. wastes a lot of my valuable billing time.
. great app, allows me to invoice electronically and mobile. it then updates automatically in system.
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
latest version is a disaster. face recognition does not work at all. you have to sign in every time you open the app and often get kicked out especially when switching between companies. colossal waste of time.
so many glitches. this program glitches at least once a month. today it is telling me we don't have an account. so frustrating. it's great when it works, but it should always work.
. garbage. been with qbo for 4 years. app is impossible to use now more than ever
easy and convenient. i own a construction business, and have grown very fond of this app. it's really convenient to use the app to maintain our books on the go. my husband and i wear many hats in our business. our time is precious, but quickbooks online helps free up some of that time with its ease of use.
awesome app. helps with all business expenses and just great interface
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
buggy ios13. error email too long amount to high invoice can't add customers via contact address book goes dark probably a lot of other issues .
. non function cant gain acces to app kicks me to google play store. cant make invoices cant get paid please fix immediately
love it, but needs some work. reeeallly wish i could cut a po on the app. other than that, the app is a great tool
. best software for any business!
easy for newbie. started out with the desktop version of qb and migrated to the qbo platform. so much better for me and easy to use now. i can send a quote from my phone and then invoice once the job is complete which for a lazy guy like me keeps me on tasks done billing times quicker. highly recommended
. very easy to work with and always someone to help you if problems occur
easy and super user friendly. first time user of this type of app but it was easy to set up. sent out my first invoice after 1hr already.
cpa. i love this app! i can take care if my client s with my smartphone.
love😻this app. must have for small business owners.. or even for personal use. don't know what i'd do with out it. been using for 3 years now😊
they got it now!. the online quickbooks works great. thank you. this app is really working and syncing, good job intuit.
disappointing. came to try it out. won't let me add sales tax. tried adding a note, pressed done and
. easy to set up and easy to use i reccommend talking to an accountant if your setting up a small business
makes books much easier to keep updated. this is a powerful combination of mobile, camera, and bookkeeping. much easier than relying on the desktop.
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
need packing slip option. add the option to send packing slips from the mobile app
best software. easy for use
awesome!. fantastic app. as a freelancer i am often away from my office. being able to create estimates and have my clients sign them on the spot has been great. and being able to send invoices from anywhere has absolutely changed my life! love it.
. purchased app following welcome link from qb online thinking they would integrate and work together seamless, not so totally separate and no vat invoicing. cancelled same day billed for a month.
purchased but won’t work.. i can not contact customer service to save my life!! i purchased this after my trial but it won’t acknowledge that i have. very upset and frustrated!!!
. no problems... works as advertised. no crashes.
. how do i quote in this app?
. this app is perfect for my business. love it!
quick book rocks. best accounting package ever made. it links to your bank . cards directly. no need of much accounting knowledge. provide login to your accountant. operate from anywhere.
. great app for managing a small business!
"great app!. easy to use and good customer service. i used the ""chat online"" service. very helpful and especially like that i can email a copy of the chat conversation to myself."
quickly. quickbooks online is ready to use. i write invoices and email the customer a copy immediately. thanks quickbooks for being so easy to use.
great app love it !!!. makes my work so much easier
. very good app
great app. perfect to keep track of your business accounting.
. live this app
app is glitching. ever since the new update to the quickbooks mobile app, it has been glitching every time i try to open the app. every time i click the app it closes by itself. it's frustrating whenever i have to log anything in the app. i have to constantly delete the app and reinstall it for it to work properly again.
. love this app
quickbooks online review. no longer works on nexus 6p. intuit support unableunwilling to help.
bad update. keeps asking me to sign in every time. can't use touch id or pin. fix it quick! 😩
great for small business owners.. awesome app. very convenient and keeps the finances and work orders organized. takes some trial and error but well worth the effort to learn this system. you tube has many instructional videos on how to expedite learning this program. price is reasonable for what you get. don't hesitate to get it. if anything you will learn something.
ios 13. app crashes before opening! please fix asap!
great app!. i already loved qb...the app makes my business run even more efficient and allows me to pull up customers bills on the spot or estimates where they can sign. very convenient.
. i do invoices and print from my recliner. love this app. and sometimes generate estimates minutes after finishing my work before leaving the clients home. very convenient !!
. i find this really useful to check accounts and send invoices whilst onsite. never had any issues with the app at all.
update needed asap. i also have been using this app for years (it’s great when working properly) but something happened after this last update and i’m getting kicked off and signed out in the middle of my invoices and estimates. it’s staying “an important update is required” or something like that and i’ll go to update the app but it’s already updated! and i’ll log back into the app and get kicked off again with the same message.....
great app.. helps so much w billing... highly recommended. .
. tried to use it to review transactions, banking section is permanently glitched and won't load transactions or activity.
. does not load half the pages, keep having to link accounts multiple times, made my life hell, avoid
simply perfect. this program allows us to work and function mire effectively
disappointment. tried signing in several times. tried resetting password 4 times. tried uninstalling and reinstalling, twice. only thing that works is uninstalling for good.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
. love this app.... only two things that i can't figure out. first, will not let me have a service date when making an invoice. most important, cannot figure out how to get it to accept the online payments thru ipn. on the desktop version it is highlighted on the invoice and in the email when its sent. other than those two issues, this app is great. would love to use this daily!
since ios 13 update not working. since ios 13 update not working so frustrating
. this app doesn't do payroll. apparently you can download quickbooks payroll but i couldn't find it. found it online and the google play website said the app is incompatible with all of my 7 different devices. sure this is available in the uk?
. this app is not free! as soon as i signed in, it asked for money!
. loads, then crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled, and still crashes upon open. fingerprint doesn't work anymore. frustrating.
mark. great app brilliant for out in the field after initial setup.
cancel subscription. continues to bill my tmobile account even though i've cancelled subscription
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
item searching is harder then it should be when creating an invoice or estimate. wish there was a search bar that filters through my sales items easier. i should just type in a few letters and all the related items with those letter should pop up
. i have tried to log on from my tablet and constantly getting an error message not letting me log in even after clearing the cache. also was meant to have a discount at sign up for a few months but charged full price.
. it doesn't get any better than this!
great app would be useful to do bills on it though. reminder email doesn't work on app
. very useful when you can't make it into the office
works well for me. i am the only employee of my corporation so my books are pretty simple. i have been using the desktop version for years. i switched to this so i could take pictures of my receipts on the go and have them attached to my books. generally, i'm happy with the online version. makes doing my taxes a breeze.
. thanks for the quick reply, awesome app.
qbo in general needs work. this app is limited in what you can do. qbo was rolled out before they were finished developing even some of the most basic features.
. qbo is the best accounting software ever! the only feature missing from the app is payroll which i would really like.
quickbooks. awesome app.
. please add support for whattsup business app
i'm trying the app now i have a question. can i acess from a pc too? or is it only for the phone?
. hands down the worst customer service system i've ever dealt with. not once have i called that i wasn't on hold for 15 minutes to then have the person transfer me to someone else because they couldn't help me. i'm currently having the money taken from my account but am being told my account doesn't exist and i have to sign up for a new one.
works great. i live how i can edit and emails invoices on the go. as well as having all my credit card processing all tied in. so customers can pay invoiced from the actual invoice and not have to include other services.
small business owner. i have been skeptical about leaving all my business information in an external server, thinking that one day, the software seller is not longer in business. intuit has given me that confidence and now i am very excited with services i have received so far. the program is easy to set up and easy to use. very friendly menus. you can use as many functions you wish. is good even for those who have little experience keeping track of business.
statements. can't send statements or use bundles in the app. email customer services about it and they send you a email about doing it on your desk top. been asking for 6 months to have it added to the app. just get the same response while they add useless gimmicks to the app.
. makes my job easier.
no purchase orders. for years now quickbooks has withheld the ability to create purchase orders through the mobile app. this is a huge issue for our company and it is quite frustrating that qb has willfully omitted this feature. i wish there was a way to convince qb to change course on this decision...
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
so far so good.. love the app. i think it's great any time i can give an estimate, invoice on the road. thanks.
. it would be nice to be able to add categories from the app for types of job descriptions
. great service and app interface.
not happy. when i first got the app i fell in love i had problems with the desktop version , with the bank option on the online version witch you removed i was able to log in my transactions very quickly , i would appreciate it if you would please bring back the bank option in the menu asap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
love this app and it's capabilities. the only feature i wish it had is to be able to see bills from suppliers.
time tracker missing. the online version is friendlier then the online desktop version, but all in all a great app. one thing missing is the time tracker. would be great to be able to track your time spend on a project and book it to an invoice.
love it. it is nice to be able to enter expenses and check invoices on the run.
owner. makes life very easy for me running my small electrical contracting business. i spend less time writing estimates and invoicing.
. acho ótimo, muito organizado e intuitivo, tanto para uso profissional quanto pessoal.
. great app very user friendly
worst update yet. just deleted. crashed. didn’t update banking. five star to one in a flash.
. very helpful people to assist. easy to use in general. a little difficult to get head around undeposited funds and matching balances. yet great looking invoices and easy to track when payments are due.
cannot find anything useful in the app. how do i display a report of unpaid bills? far too limited to be of any use.
won’t load in ios 13. need an update. ios 13 crashes. won’t load.
. very easy to use great app
excellent. really good app. carry your whole business in your pocket. 6 months of using it and it's excellent.
. excellent app need to improve speed only.
. downloaded app twice when i tried to login error message continually read i didn't have a quickbooks subscription. was never allowed to access app features.
. great app!!!
. why this app is not in french ???
sooooooo easy. each update gets better and better, making bookkeeping easier and easier.
. great app i can't say enough good things about it.its totally awesome, fantastic, outstanding.
. good app, but need an expert.
waste of time. glad i haven't gotten past the trial offer because nothing syncs with my quickbooks online. so the obvious question is what's the freaking point of this app? completely unimpressed. someone's making money off of doing nothing. wow. i want that job!
customer service fail!. customer service is non existent look elsewhere
. perfect tool. easy to learn and use it
how do i remove this app from my iphone?. i do not want to use thus app and now i cannot uninstall it from my iphone. l try by holding the icon and get a message asking if i want to share it. does not show in my settings so i cannot delete it there either. can't find online help.
rubbish. i need to see my bills.
missing features. works ok. i think there are a few things that need to be addressed as a whole with quickbooks online, like not being able to print sales receipts if not paid at time of creating invoice, and no way to assess finance charges and late fees. every company needs those two things in my opinion. i can't imagine why they didn't include those features.
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes. in response to the developer: it seems i have to reinstall it every day just to get it work. i have been doing this fix for a long time and it still does not resolve the locking up or crashing problem.
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
great small business app. love this app for my working vacations!
great app. this app is great and easy to use
great app. i've been a qb user since the early 90's. the app keeps getting better with greater functionally. i'm confident that all functions will be available on the app in future release. i use this app all day to create estimates and bill customers. it's great.
it works great!. great app and works flawlessly.
. am trying to login, wont let me, technical problems. i have all my expenses in there...
simple and efficient. this makes invoicing on the go so simple. i love that it syncs with my computer and i can take a photo of receipts and it adds them to my expenses. very convenient
. country like bahrain and kuwait currency has three decimal. is there any option to set currency in three decimal? we submitted so many requests regarding this issue but no response
. since the most recent update i cannot see my dashboard or add expenses to my company. fix it. done all diagnostic steps so this update is invalid. galaxy s10+ here
. this app helps me keep my clients in order and helps me to keep up with payments.
zero stars new version is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
. quickbooks allows me to be able to manage my business while i'm at my computer, or while i'm on the road. the analytics allow me to see the highs and lows of my business and it allows me to see my biggest expenses search that i can mitigate if necessary
. so many times it's hard to save invoices, cause frustration, i'm sorry tanks
awesome app. this app really helps me keep track of all my transactions for my pool business. easy to use and has everything i need.
great efficient and cost effective. this app is great and accounting system is too. best value for the money and easy to use.
great app. i run my one person business on quikbooks and i am not a detail person. my clients comment all the time on the ease of payment!! love it love it
". can not change most settings comes an error ""you and xxxx were working on this at same time "") tried on different browsers, nothing changed"
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
credit note cis. you cannot issue a matching credit note for an invoice with cis deduction, despite speaking to qb for over 2 hours they admitted they dont know how to do it.
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
crashes 3 seconds after opening. latest version is completely unusable on both iphone and ipad. crashes 3 seconds after opening. both on iphone and ipad. did anyone actually test this?
awesome app. makes invoicing quick and easy.
. for the entrepreneur on the go, this app is fantastic. i post my expenses with photos of receipts and create invoices from the car! terrific.
crashes now. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in.
. so easy to use, i have a specialty coffee roasting business, this accounting program is so easy to understand from day 1.
elecsmart electricians london. i have used the online version but now prefer the app as it seems to be more stable. worth the money and great for a progressive company!
terrible wont setup after 3weeks. don’t even waste your time with this. they keep giving you barriers to setting up payroll and when you meet the criteria they inputting errors in your account. the end result is you paying for a service you’ll never receive
. i'm getting an error code when i try to click on mileage trips and assign them business or personal. works on desktop but not in phone. other than that it's easy to assign categories for transactions and separate business from personal.
good app and great support. easy to use although experienced problem with vat rate not being editable in online desktop version. intuit' response was really quick and efficient and friendly. highly recommend.
. awful. go through the web browser instead. the app doesn't connect frequently, saying the program is offline, but i can connect through the browser with no problems.
. every accountant's companion.
can't save an invoice since update.. please fix asap. i use to use this app everyday and now i can't. i love quickbooks but this is bad!!
nice, but naughty. i am writing this review at christmas, that explains the headline :) this app used to be awesome. now i get a lot of can not connect to data or can not refresh data even after multiple refreshes. hope they fix it
easy and efficient!. the app serves perfectly to capture transactions on the go, snap a pic and enter amount and accounts then review later if needed on a computer. simple, some people expect this to be fully functional for some reason; if you need a fully functional program then you really should have the appropriate expenses towards computers and software anyways. this app makes the book keeping process easy as cake for clients and the accountant.
. not for india.. then why the hell u give option of india in menu .. if ur app is not compatible in india..
"it doesn't synchronize. the app is totally unusable. it doesn't synchronize customers and supplier and the transaction with those missing from the list result as incomplete. tried also to dis install and reinstall: same story. on top of this it must also said that the assistance is unresponsive, many days and repeated enquiries to finally get emails full of irritating smileys and useless answers like ""we are constantly improving the apps to serve our mobile customers""."
. the app is currently not working as i cannot login for the last few days. i can login to their website so it's just the app. i have sent the error log a few times and still no fix. i have deleted the app and redownloaded still no luck.
this has helped me have a life. without this software i would be buried in paperwork . it helps me stay organized. i have been using one version or another since 2003. thank you
outstanding. fix individual entry format for android for a 5 star rating.
great app, prepare to be spammed. i keep getting marketing emails even though i unsubscribed from all. i’m going to have to find an alternative
great. i haven't had any trouble with quick books. it's easy to create customers and vendors. i am able to quickly submit expensessales transactions into the app and emailing customer receipts is a snap. it gives my company a professional edge and my account is going to be a happy camper!
. stress free app
. simple and to the point.
. i've downloaded this app, uninstalled it, and reinstalled it and it will not allow me to create an account. it continually signs me out and i have to reenter all my information. i'm giving up!
lots of shortcomings. qo is great and this app is ok. too bad so many features are missing
. great app once you get logged in. repeatedly returns to login screen after entering correct password when using google login.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
. this app coupled with the web based app is the best thing i have seen for small business. cut book work down to an hour a night rather than 3. the ability to send both quotes and invoices on the go saves hours. works extremely well with the paid web app happy as with both
unreliable. this app is buggy and slow. logging in is very hit or miss. sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't for no apparent reason. i have not been able to log in for a week. all i get is an error message telling me to try again later. called support and i was told that they are working on it. this app has been out for years, and there is no excuse for it being so unpredictable.
great but not perfect. while the app works 95% of the time there are some annoying glitches. some of the menus could be better laid out and some entries should be automatic. it would also be nice, when selecting the quantity of an item, that there would be a + and  symbol for easy editing. i'm also baffled why i can't do a deposit like i can online.
broken after update. not updating customer data, crashing, please fix it, i have a business to run!
poor functionality. constant crashes inability to complete selected tasks poor functionality this app try’s hard but doesn’t quiet make it with its functions. it didn’t at all shot me but that’s what the 3 day free trial is for. i wasn’t going to rate this app but after they charged me $10.50 for a 1 month subscription after i cancelled and deleted the app; i will rate it
missing features. missing bills (that you print cheques and pay later). missing payroll. this would be fine except they're raising the price on everyone in a few months.
functional. easy. efficient. beautiful.. what more can i say? i am an independent film producer that is often out of the office. i prefer this app to the web version on my laptop. wow! this app alone makes the purchase of my iphone 7plus worth every dime.
doesn't work on ios. unable to login. this is a known issue with qb and ios9. support states it is indefinitely not working. guess they don't have anyone capable of writing code. intuit is a real company, right? embarrassing.
my business has transformed.. i have received multiple compliments from my customers regarding my new invoices and estimates.
not good. it doesn't give access to all qb online features. i have to sign in online anyway. lots of error messages.
. nice app. easy to build and send invoices.
it's a great app.. good to create invoices on the run, and keep track of your business. my only complaint is that there is no place to put in a po or job name. i would also like if customers could sign with a stylist or finger on a touch screen phone. i have a samsung note 3 and would like to see that option. but still a good app.
very good app. in general very good app. missing key features like banking, updates etc.
. dont download this update if your using an lg phone... after update unable to sign in... i get thru the sign in screen then it crashes... pos
great for invoices. i use it mainly for invoicing.
. great app & software on the go.
good program. been using this software for about 6 months now and find it very useful as a sole trader it works for me i can pick up my phone and write an invoice straight away.
. useful
works well. good app
good app poor customer service. was trying to switch over my account settings and the representative i had helping me seemed very lost and wasn’t of any help. still confused on how to swap my account to a different package and receive refunds on duplicate charges. really quite frustrated. besides that the app itself provides the services i need.
keeps crashing. crashes every time i try to delete an item from an invoice i’m creating.
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
qb app is useless. i’ve been quickbooks user for a long time and discovered this app gives a totally different set of numbers than quickbooks online does. expenses are different than real version so please beware, you can’t trust the numbers. contacted support to no avail. i guess they don’t read the other reviews either.
. easy to maneuver love this app.
excellent interface and convenient app. this app is a life saver and helps me run my small business affairs smoothly. i can submit my invoices and estimates on the go with ease. definitely a must app to have.
limited.. with over 700,000 businesses using your software worldwide, i can't fathom how you could possibly find an excuse to release such featurepoor software! 1.) account management is barely sufficient, and doesn't support creating nested accounts; 2.) there's no way to edit photos of receipts that you take with your camera from the expense entry dialog; 3.) no spanish language support; 4.) no item memory, so i have to manually select the account again every time i enter a split; 5.) no offline support. &gt;:(
. great app
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
bookkeeping on the go. i own a small tax and accounting firm and this app has done wonders for customer service! being able to give my clients real time information from anywhere at anytime is a huge plus! i only wish this app would allow me to process ach and credit card payments on the fly!
crashes on ios 13. worked well on ios 12.1. now crashes as soon as logged in to quickbooks account.
. it's been awesome giving estimate 's on the fly.
. qbo much improved over original launch product, and tge app has brought qbo up.to date. i love the ability to upload receipts tgat immediately sync with qbo and match to vendorsexpenses. qbos ability to have multiple ysrs working simultaneously is huge . realtime collaboration with my bookkeeper and accountant is now easy. no more thirdparty file sharing apps and concerns about version control. with the app i can now monitor financials on the fly. highly recommend!
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
great compared to alternatives. could use more options available though the website (like inventory management, receiving payments to elsewhere than undeposited funds etc)
no complaints. does the job.
. i am unable to open the app passed the sign in page. just continually crashes right after logging in. poor app
changed our business. from the first version of this app with the online version of quickbooks, this has changed our business. no more scribbled notes on sticky paper or back of a student roster. sales are done immediately and nothing is lost or forgotten. my only request is to please add time tracking fit our instructors into the app, then it would be perfect!
easy and efficient!. the app serves perfectly to capture transactions on the go, snap a pic and enter amount and accounts then review later if needed on a computer. simple, some people expect this to be fully functional for some reason; if you need a fully functional program then you really should have the appropriate expenses towards computers and software anyways. this app makes the book keeping process easy as cake for clients and the accountant.
. i don't want to get charged tomorrow! i went to manage my subscription to cancel then an error came up and i've still got the message saying payment comes out tomorrow without an option to change it. the button has gone.
nearly there. having finally had enough of struggling with sage i started with qb. loving the online program which is so much easier and more intuitive than sage. the ipad app is a nice touch to quickly check things but if you need to do more than 1 or 2 simple things then better off going online instead.
nice app. excellent app
waiting for delayed charge on mobile app.. otherwise, its good!
would like more features. there are some features missing from the mobile version that i prefer  like seeing my bank account register even though i’m connected online; transferring info to turbotax; and automatically crediting extra payments on an account to the next invoice. unfortunately, i cannot transfer to another version except by hand, so i’m staying with this version.
awesome app!!!. so easy to use!
. easy accounting! using this to help me get my small business started. the service is a little on the pricey side but having this app is fantastic!
great. great app i use it everyday, makes invoices a breeze and makes it easier at the end of the year for tax purposes.
great. great app i use it everyday, makes invoices a breeze and makes it easier at the end of the year for tax purposes.
don’t waste your time. the developer is very slow to fix bugs and non responsive when a complaint or ticket is generated. the tax rates are a total mess in the app. there is very little control over adding new or editing existing rates generated by qb while using the online version. any time i use an apple product i have the same issue.
. haven't used it much yet, but just discovered you can't add time on the app. the main reason for getting this program was so employees could add time from their phone. when will this feature be available?
. great app
great invoicing on the go. this is great for a business thats on the go. only negative you cannot make changes to the invoice once done.
. great for small business people who invoice track estimate all on the go
simple and easy. great for keeping tabs on your business on the go
". signed up, gave cc info, created account, password etc. system then froze, gave me no confirmations and started billing me. spoke with the ""chat help"" which is people who can't spell common words or understand english. they were unable to cancel my account. now i have to through mastercard to get my money back. thank god my business is not dependent on this ancient software."
easy to use. hey it's worth the money easy to understand and help you to keep track of everything access anywhere .this is the future! thank you quickbooks
. dashboard is broken!! loads but shows up blank. i can see things in the activity page but everything else doesn't work!! please fix this. i'm running android 10
not easy to do it all on app. find trying to complete and send vat return a headache. also we use coop bank doesn’t tie up with qb nor does it with starling business bank
. this app is very useful for preparing and sending quotes and invoices on the go. so if i'm out of the office for the day, i can get work done.
crashes on ios 13. don’t install if you are on ios 13. this doesn’t work. it just crashes.
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
. love it! hard to navigate at first but you get the hang of it.
works great for me!. i love this app! it is nice to be able to create invoices, accept payments, and email invoices on the spot. no more waiting to get back to my computer for data entry.
. very confusing
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. edit: the developers comment below doesn't work as of 130619
. looks really good but not for me as i don't send enough invoices so not worth paying for. if i had more business and earnt more money then it would be perfect. but for someone who does cleaning a couple of times as a week not worth paying. shame there isn't a free version.
great app. i actually love this thing. it's pretty easy to use once you come to understand some of the functions. daunting at first but learning curve isn't too steep. helped me make sense of my numbers.
login will not allow me to paste my password. i use quickbooks online, so i use a very strong password that is stored in an app (1password). it would be extremely annoying to hand type a 25 character random password into this app. and i'm unwilling to compromise my security for my online financial data. therefore this app is totally useless to me.
great product. excellent product great interface between apple and microsoft . stream line business as efficiency.
. it's been years and the login still fails 80% of the time. have to clear data in the app just to login. it's a nightmare.
. worst app don't share your documents any where
was enjoying it until ios13 update. this app was working fine until i updated to ios13...... boom! nothing now. crashes on opening everytime.
mobile invoice and so much more. great app!.
it's not like the desktop version. why doesn't this have the same functionality as the desktop version? what a joke it is. i am so ready to switch to anything else!
keeps everything in one place. great app! i keep all my business and personal expenses logged and in place from my phone. i can also track multiple companies. gives me so much piece of mind and way easier for keeping track of taxes and book keeping.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
slow and buggy. disappointed in app. doesn't correlate well with desktop version. slow to load information and sometimes won't update accounts.
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
. whats the cost after free trial
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
disappointing. i've been a longtime user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
". error message that cannot be fix ""cannot add this invoice, if error continues, please contact support"" that cannot be fix from quickbooks my android app been like this close to 1 month cannot create invoices estimates so on my business suffer cause of that, have use regular computer to create what was said. not good for business all subscriptions are active."
crash books pro. this terrific app asks you every few minutes to rate their program knowing that you want to tell the world how you can't send out an invoice without the app crashing. *update* i am having more issues with the app then ever. i can only assume quickbooks is either more useless then i thought. or they are retaliating for my review of their product. i have never had any program work this bad and i have worked it.
a changing life app. i’m new to the u.s and this app helps a lot to get organized. just love it.
. lot of functionality easier than web or desktop app.
. easier to send invoices via the app than it is on the computer. only flaw is i can't enter a negative number for discounts but that could just be my phone and not the app. overall i highly recommend it for anyone.
great app. the app is great for on the move and for keeping you up to date on invoice payments, you believe you can invoice from the app but we only use it for day to day updates
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
superbe app!. qbook me facilite la tâche (pour ma part, la comptabilité est un fardeau) dans le fait de garder un œil sur les chiffres de mon entreprise . allezy!
. really hard to un subscribe , cheep get what you pay for ...
reports needed. need simple reports such as sales tally for a given day. unnecessary steps required for multiple entries, should use 'save and next.'
. worst customer support ever i write email to contact for support they say it's for global support then again i write email to india support they send me to us supposed.sad no response from the company first they sell at 4500 then next week its 500
. so slow to picture receipts and save as a note!!! just scanning 6 invoices took about 20 minutes. nightmare.
. since the update i can't connect, always says i don't have a internet connection.
. very useful app only problem is not have a contract format you can add that please
. great app for my business, and very simple for first timers
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
. quickbooks online has been an invaluable management tool for my small business. i give professional estimates for services & am able to create invoices, receive payment, & track income, expenses, etc.
. still very much a novice, but love learning qbo as i go
very helpful. i own a small company and this app makes it very easy to keep track of my customer information.
. nice app
. so glad we didn't pay for xero. qb does everything we need and is user friendly for techderps like myself.
reduced feature set. previous version:the feature set of the web based app is not matched. (previous mentioned currency and time records). update: removed a lot of preexisting functionality and did not add any missing functions. much worse than before. cannot find a list of invoices due to a supplier. clicking on a particular supplier brings up only the address particulars.
fix crash. my quickbooks app was crashing on my ipad 3, after i did the upgrade. press and hold the app icon and uninstall it. then, download it again. it now works.
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wated almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
"awesome app. used quickbooks for a number of years professionally and this app gives my clients awesome flexibility to do ""do"" their bookkeeping on the move. i recommend it to all my clients."
. like it. very convenient app.
i love it easy to use !!!!. easy to use and easy to navigate!!!
again. after running smoothly for couple months, again a problem! now whenever i try to work from customers tab, it crashes....
. its a time saving tool. and it helps to keep things in order and simple.
please: give us delayed charge already!. a new update, and still no delayed charge feature. how many times do we have to ask? for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
needs to improve. the more i use this the more i find things that annoy me. when reconciling the bank why can i not just add a receipt photo to a bank transaction. that way i don't have to add it as an expense then match the bank transaction. it would save me time. seriously considering giving xero a try.......
office assistant. i am still a huge fan of the desktop version! the one great thing about the qbo is the online feature! it still needs improvements. if you have multi companies you have to pay individual packages for each company and log out to be able to log on the other. there is no switch between companies feature on the phone app like on the desktop and the full qbo site.
. love the app, makes running my business so much easier.
update asap. i’ve been trying to use the app for a couple weeks now, and it keeps kicking me out. it’s very annoying!
. i love the ability to issue invoices and check the current payment status. bring able to photo receipts and record expenses as and when they happen is a great touch too.
. super slow load time and sms verification not working. it's a joke.
horrible horrible app. this new version is terrible! it will not save invoices for payments when i apply them, but then when i log in to the desktop version there's duplicate and triplicate payments.
love it!. i was a longtime desktop user. i love never having to upgrade and being able to sign in anywhere!
game changer. been using the desktop version for over a decade. now that i’m using qbo along with the mobile app i feel like i have been living in the dark ages! this is simple, useful, powerful and most importantly convenient! no more keeping up with paper receipts and forgetting to keep track of purchases.
it's happening. the quickbook people are really developing this app and there complete system, from a very poor beginning the app is is really strong now and very functional, please keep up the good work quickbooks people. highly recommended book keeping system.
needs timesheet support. price went up 100 a year and still no timesheet support outside of desktop app
makes things sooo easy. can send invoices on the go. super easy. love it! total game changer!
. quickbooks is rubbish, i have literally wasted days of my life trying to set it up to work efficiently only to hit endless glitches. the last straw was that it lost information vital to my business and therefore money because of lack of clarity on the app. beware 'edit current' actually means actually means change template and loose all previous information. quickbooks don't care about the individual and have not compensated for this.
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
beyond useless. i have long been frustrated by intuit's decision to bar users on ipads from accessing any real functionality in quickbooks. i thought this app might address that problem, but it does not. it does not offer anything useful to me.
love it but...... i hate when i have a hard time logging in. same password for years but somehow this app throws a tantrum about me login in on different devices. not cool! as long as the password and username is correct i see no reason for me to have to get a code sent to my email. it wastes my time.
great for businesses on the move. makes invoicing easier if not in office all the time ,
. good app
does the job. great app for fast results
excellent product. great for sending estimates and invoices on the go. everything i need to see right at my fingertips and very user friendly.
way too limited. i can’t even use the app to see if a bill was processed. it only allows you to view check or ach transactions and deposits. checks processed through bill pay don resigister as activity.
great app. great app for busy people! this is really useful for trades people and consultants. highly recommend, super easy to use
not good. crashes often; slow; give frequent error messages.
does not work after update. tech support recommended i get a android. claims apple is the problem.
. i don't like to forcefully create account first. without using application how can i create account. other apps like this type providing use without login so why you requires login first???
. love having my accounting on the go. missing a few key features in the app but hopefully they will be added soon. sure beats manually reconciliation of a paper check book!
. great app, handy, easy to use and covers most of the important tasks on the go
efficient app. as a bookkeeper i use qbo for all of my clients as well as for my personal account. it just keeps getting better and better. accepting transactions is a breeze as is setting up invoices, paying bills, and writing estimates. one feature my clients find helpful is the receipt attachment. i would highly recommend this app for anyone who uses qbo.
fantastic application. i love this app. it let's me manage my expenses and easily invoice on the go. great tool!
. so much more efficient as a web based app!
ipad integration has gotten much worse. there seems to be no way to run a detailed report. the help section is worseless. i’ve used qb for 20 years and it seems less trouble to learn another app than to continue. why remove functionality that used to be there?
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
. good apps
great and simple. this is such a user friendly way of doing you booking, keeping your inventory and managing your customers
quickbooks online. easy, simple to use.
useless for sure. qbo is useless. can’t login with google account. forces me to create a newseparate password. can’t really access qbo via a browser on ipad. overall terrible experience. i’m sure it’s equally apple and qbo fault.
great app. very nice and good
great app. super friendly and sweet app
app not working since update. normally i'd give the app 45 stars but every time i log in now it says sign in successful but there is no online account associated with the email and to start a free trial. however when i login from safari, i get in no problem. please fix as i am unable to access data from my phone.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
your only retail software. simply the best !
. great app
hate the app. limited functionality of the app makes it virtually useless... unless i have access to a pic or laptop, i can't do all the things i need to do. the program itself is good, just not sure why the app hasn't caught up yet.
. i have already paid for this software and it would be great if this came free as it does with my security and vendors software. it is not worth $9.99 a month when i still have issues with it.
great app. great app quick and easy to make estimates and invoices. would like for there to be more customization such as adding business information to show on them rather than just email address however overall is a great app very happy with it.
needs time keeping entry. quickbooks really needs to come up with an app to do their time entry for quickbooks online
login error. upgraded to an s7 and cannot login. i need the mobile app for my business!
needs help. if you have multiple locations this app is useless cause you cannot assign a class to the expense.
very weak. i have been a quickbooks user for years but the app is just weak. employee transactions are not possible and reports are minimal. i consider these critical aspects of good accounting software and they almost do not exist in the app. i don’t need an app to write an invoice or figure out that someone owes me money. however, keeping track of my reporting to the government and paying employees is critical and these do not exist in the app.
great app if it worked.. this app was really promising at first, but now it seems like i consistently have issues with chase bank accounts and american express accounts updating. it’s monday and sine thursday my alchase accounts say they are updated when they are not and my amex continuously has error connections. and then u call customer service and they ask you if you called amex to see why there was a connection problem. a shame.
great app. works great for managing customers and invoices for our company!
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
great. makes invoices and estimates from phone look right professional. i use the desktop version as well and it would be great if the different versions spoke to each otherwise best solution by far
. excellent app makes having a small business so simple
good app. but didnt work on android for 2 weeks after using it.
works great for what i use it for. i run a simple personal business and this app has all i need!
basic functionality is good. this app has a lot of the data that i want to see. limitations are that you cannot do queries or make selections like the online version. i would like it to look and work more like the online version, then i would rate it 5.
iphone app switching companies. thank you so much for adding the ability to switch companies without logging out!! more likely to utilize iphone app now on the go 😊😊😊
improving but still a long way to go. like the new dashboard, but need ability to set ytd totals, more report options, does not show all my bank accounts. needs to be more customizable. app does not replace the website version, which is still needed to do any real work. best feature is the easy way it handles the bank feeds.
pretty good but, but no bill entry????. i have found this to be somewhat helpful for reviewing expenses, but it would be fantastic if i was able to pay bills on the go. i would love to be able to keep my business mobile by using the camera to “scan” invoices and submit them for payment right from the app. a core function that is surprisingly absent. this is a must for future development. without it, the app just come up short...
owner. love being able to have quickbooks on my phone and being able to send invoices and receive payments on the go. makes my job so much easier. app works great and is so simple that even my husband can figure it out :)
don't like new update. i prefer buttons actions on the bottom than puede corner and still missing two things, send invoices by text, fax, edit or view notes online
great & uptodate!. this is a great little app to give you access into the back end of your quickbooks online account. great for doing simple invoicing and adding expenses. i still use the desktop browser for more complicated reports and such. well done and intuit keeps the app up to date thank you!
incomplete. the mobile app is not very useful compared to the online version, missing so many functions! like time sheets and billing be with them!
. easy and user friendly app
very helpful. haven't had any problems with this.
landscaping on the run. always busy. not a lot of time set aside for paperwork. i'm loving the convenience of this app
app issue. i've been using the quickbooks app for over 6 months and it worked fine. now, for the past week the app will not let me access my company data or the data is incorrect after multiple reinstalls. this is very aggravating and qb's customer support stated it's an ios issue. please correct this issue asap. thank you
. does not work as advertised
perfect. great app and works terrifically. thanks.
. malfunctions on every level. did not attach a single receipt picture to the transaction. brought in the bank accounts and scrambled them. even on the desktop deposits are expenses and you cannot edit them
. works but buggy? even after data refreshes my invoices aren't showing the right amount owed on summary screen, but fine in detailed view. other aspects of it are awesome though.
five star, defenitly!! :d. quickbook app is a great add to the software program. easy to use, fast and well organize!
". i scanned several receipts and submitted them through the app. they were confirmed by the app as ""added"". half of them are now missing with no explanation of where they went. those receipts were already disposed of. completely unacceptable."
. awesome app
. recording expenses has not worked since july 2017. support from quickbooks has been hopeless and no fix in sight
useful but limited. useful but definitely not as many features as the web version.
. there was about to be going to be fight if those people dont get away from my accountant.
highly recommended. it saves me a lot time from working on invoices and so. it help me on whenever i need it, i just have to take out my phone and i'm able to use what i need to.
outstanding. very user friendly app. like nothing you have seen in accounting. the future is here.
awful. it worked on my casio commando for a year and was great for mobile invoicing and keeping track of who owed what. then i had to uninstall and reinstall and it to try and correct problem with one customer that was showing different balance on phone then pc. it hasn't worked since. i can't log on. it looks like an updated version that doesn't work with my phone. i've sent multiple error logs. waiting for help.
". refreshing bank transactions doesn't work. after refresh and upade still say "" ! error 22 days ago"". causes double entry after entering expenses manually by no refreshing and posting them. doesn't refresh bank data."
. on the iphone app you can swipe left or right on expenses, depending on wether it is business or personal, is there a way to do this on the android app? thanks!
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile
. the easy access to my qb account has been great to keep a pulse on the business as well as getting cash expenses in before i forget about them.
sales manager. love this app very easy to use has all i need to conduct business on a dayli basis
doesn't work. every time (every single time) i try to use the app (on my galaxy s7), it throws an error. it has never worked one time. i login and it throws an error.
easy to use, even for a newbie!. great app. easy to use, even for someone with little accounting knowledge.
. very helpful and detailed information in reports. couple functionality issues when entering credit card transactions. overall, pretty awesome
crashes every time. i used to like this app, but now it crashes every time. i cannot use it at all. galaxy s7 edge. support has not responded to my messages. nor my crash message notifications (and there have been plenty)
company activity and payments are not updating!. the new version does not work!!
pretty useless. can't mark an expense as billable therefore can't create invoices by automatically including up billed expenses can't record deposits can't view downloaded trans action useless
easy & intuitive. plenty of available materials and support. plenty of support along the way.
. i am a electrician and gas engineer, product is great , can do all invoicing on the move
great software. few issues lots of results this product is easy to use and reduces time spent in the office its mobility is my favorite part use with my phone tablet laptop and desk top devices payment network nice but a little pricey
cvc. looks very promising... let's see as i used it. nice and brilliant user interface so far.
very limited... quickbooks is one of the best accounting tools out there... however this app is very limited. ipad is a very powerful device. but this app doesn't take advantage of that. things like: * auto save invoices to the files app * option to choose payment type * when you paste an email from the email apps, it doesn't recognize those emails.. * option to add company stamp and seal to the invoices
less than worthless to me. who cares what customers are near me! i want to see banking information, view various account in qb, do real work on my ipad. i should be able to do anything on this i can do using qq online. should is the operative word here. don't waste your time and space on your ipad.
great app!!. accounting made easy, great interface and easy to use. highly recommended.
. really works great. loads fast and easy to navigate. if you have quickbooks on your 1 desktop at home or office, you are in the stone age.
i use it with all my clients!. having a business solutions & consulting biz for years there have been times i've lost notes or even lost billable time. having the ease of this program not only resolves that, but it also runs easily in multiple platforms including my preferred operating system utilizing a linux distribution.
brilliant. brilliant app. so happy that i've migrated over to quick books.
nothing adds up. when you run a business you want your numbers correct. i don't have time to troubleshoot why your software can't add a simple paypal balance and leaves transactions out. your fired!
. po , translation invoice, how to add discount?
. great app loving it
amazing in app and on line. the perfect accounting platform. easy to use, fast and simple.
. great app
. does what it says. great for invoicing on the move and tracking payments due
. good app
great business app. run your business on the go
missing. really enjoy the service helping me to stay organized, but the app is missing a lot of the features on webpage or desktop version
muito bom, como sempre!. utilizo o qb desde sua versão em português, lançada pela eversystems, em 1995. sempre o recomendei e agora, após alguns anos afastado experimento nova versão muito melhorada e adaptada a tecnologia atual.
no place for attachments. when i first opened the app i was so excited. i have been a quick book user for years and now everything is available at a touch from my ipad. but the only thing that was missing was a place to put attachments from the banking screen. so bummed hope this gets an update with the attachment feature.
awesome!. fantastic app. as a freelancer i am often away from my office. being able to create estimates and have my clients sign them on the spot has been great. and being able to send invoices from anywhere has absolutely changed my life! love it.
rubbish. absolutely rubbish since the last update . keeps crashing on iphone xr. screen message = app needs to close due to critical updates. happens 2030 x times a day when trying to set up an invoice estimate etc. test your updates before release you them, you idiots!
so far i love it. i was apprehensive at first. my son insisted i try it. he was right; it's actually easier on my phone than my pc.
. keeps crashing when entering receipts. it's infuriating. updated review 6 months later still crashes when splitting an expense. tried deleting the cache. it's useless.
. love being able to do invoices in the field.
excellent app for small business. been using this app for 2 years and we have no complaints. most efficient app for operating a small business. a+
wow. not ready for prime time. i don't think this has followed through on a single promise it is horribly clunky at importing bank transactions  count on spending hours recategorizing every single transaction you made honestly. it's barely better than a spreadsheet for the price
. sucks. terrible app
great for keeping up with receipts!. instead of having to carry around all of the business receipts that i use, i'm able to take a quick shot with my camera upload it and then i'm all digital.
great app!. works great on a samsung galaxy s5. features are coming along nicely. it would save a step to be able to add another expense from one just saved without having to back up from that record but no complaints otherwise.
great app. helpful for small busines
. epic cnc on the go with inuit quickbooks very nice app. couldn't do it without having it. very light... no heavy bog on my android devices nor google chrome. integrates easily with contacts making implementation super easy and painless. love the feature of being mobile and could based however the online version is definitely different from the software. intuit is doing it and doing it right!
great updates and really user friendly. all works better than before and integrates brilliantly. makes understanding our financials a doddle!
. needs the employee menu... i like this app and its convenient and all but there's no reason a simple function like the employee menu shouldn't be on it
easily the worst app on ios. this is the single worst and buggiest app on the app store. it is buggy, gives random permissions errors, and generally fails to get the job done.
. i'm a small business owner and for me finding this app has been a blessing. this app really helps me manage my expenses as well as keep track of my inventory, employee payroll can be done as well etc. just really easy to use and having the profit and loss tracker is just awesome. so far i'm loving the free trial, definitely will subscribe once trail is over.
. excellent app
just what i needed. i run a small contractor business doing remodel work. the mobile app has been a godsend. i can track all my estimates, invoices & expenses in one place. helps me track clients that are late payers too (which sometimes happens). i like it. 100% worth the subscription
expensebill data missing in app. expense and bill data is not available in the iphone app while accessible online. what is the meaning of the app when i can't see any of my vendor bills or company expenses. development team???
. hated it, warning, stay away. it mess up my quickbook online, duplicate everything, customer service promise to contact me, never happened. service bad. do not waste your time downloading. app version is useless, synchronization keep duplicates my receipts, and much more issues. stay away from quickbooks app. still not fix customer support ain't helping either, because is a third party app....
some good points. some frustrating points too. stop logging me out for one. taken a while to get my head around it, invoicing seems to be quite easy now. i'm not impressed that i can't do my payroll from this app, that's frustrating.
changed my business. this app has worked wonderfully. it fills the role of a second employee. accounting has never been so easy for both myself and for my clients to complete their bill.
. best app yet
mileage is a joke. i upgraded to this account from the self employed version and the mileage is a joke. i thought the self employed was horrible. it completely missed a whole day of travel and cut’s off trips in the middle of traveling. or cuts the trips starting and ending if it even records the visit.
making life simple. best way to run your business.
easy breezy!. small business owner. everything i need for everywhere i go. i am on the go a lot and i need to be able to keep up with my business regardless. makes my life simpler. thank you!
. great app
why???. for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. this is what happens when a company gets too large. first app worked fine and then suddenly refuses to connect to my bank. customer service is a joke. reps were unable to figure out why error 103 kept appearing. after two hours on the phone i was then told it is a systems issue that needs its own ticket. two days later an email arrives stating that the issue is resolved. guess what, it wasn't!! come up intuit! you can do better than this
excellent for businesses in the go!. quickbooks is easy to use and the app allows me to create transactions, view balances and customer information wherever i am. i also love that i can take a photo of a receipt and categorize it on the go.
". about the only thing this app does real well is it crashes all the time. some features of this app i can't even get to without it crashing. so all said i am able to look up customers but other then that it's useless. i try to use it on a samsung 10"" tablet"
new update horrible. it's always been glitch but since the new update i can't add products to the estimate and customer service is clue less in how to resolve the issue.
very good for any kind of business!. quickbooks is great app for managing the everyday finances. it's very fast to send invoices, with this app all income and expenses are simple and quick.
fantastic qb's app. this app is great! works just as good, if not better, as the desktop version. to me it seems even more user friendly & it is just so convenient when on the go. definitely download! it works so well, i decided to pay the monthly fee to use it.
. software is meeting all my expectations for my small business needs.
. great app
. app refuses login on my phone. pixel 2
. love this app. makes tax time so much easier. couldn't be much happier.
good to keep on track. excellent app for inputting information immediately, but that's all it does.
welshman. love it. simple for me to send estimates & invoices from the field.
. awful customer service
new version is much better. touch id is now working. this updated fixed many issues.
fantastic app. works well! fantastic app!
. app is pretty good.
easy to use. a very easy to use software that is cloud based with a great phone app. i’ve been using this for some time now and it evolves every year. most for the best. a helpful help call centre should you have any problems. 4 stars as i don't believe you can back this up
recommend!. quickbooks is a must have to swiftly complete business tasks like, estimates, invoices, etc.
quickbooks online. i love it! i have been using the software for quite some time. quickbooks products are one of the best accounting software i have used. i have used peachtree, and power church plus. in my opinion they don't compare.
. great smb accounting software. use it for my company and have had no issues at all. customer support is responsive as well.
been asking for a simple feature for years.. still to this day i’m amazed i cannot do the most important task on the mobile app. if i’ve created an expense via my desktop. i have no way of viewing it or editing it on the mobile version. it’s totally un integrated.
mgrm. great app
great app. great app links well details on the laptop. can create invoices on as soon as the job is finished.
. when it works, its great. don't count on it when the internet is even remotely slow. i had to resort to another sales app to complete sales. lost sales and it cost me more money to use the other sales app.
. this app really is useless. i'm having to manually input all of my banking transactions because it never feeds in the real time info as it should. the layout is counter intuitive and frustrating to use. it's like they've made the app but never done any testing or had any feedback on how they can improve it and make it user friendly. my books are an incoherent mess at the moment, this app is supposed to make things easier but it's awful.
bmb. i cannot connect with my canadian credit union. have been using app for several months now. it is both good and bad. i love that i can take my work with me to record with my ipad, but would like to be able to transfer transactions from quickbooks online to quickbooks pro 2014.
. easy to navigate! great app!
touch id is pointless. needs work!. the new update was supposed to fix the touch id issue. you can log in via touch id. however if you kill the app or restart your phone, you need to log back in using your password. what is the point? i want to log in via touch id everytime. that's what it's there for.
great for on the go use!. love using this app! great for small business use & being able to use anywhere! with multiple people using one app!!
quick oops for android.. cool app. it would be better if it operated like the desktop version..
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
great so far. hoping it keeps things simple for me
ceo of gd2k. this is a really good app it has help our business in so many ways. it help boost our profit margin we have been able to close deals, and make invoices right on the spot. i recommend this for a lot of different business with quickbooks online.
. good app for a start up business and it will grow with your business.
. my accountant said everything going digital. use this on lap top no problem. but it wont even open on my phone! not great when out and about trying to get payments in while running a business! oh and paying for this... service?? not happy
"no support. staff is rude. need help checking on billing and the person says it's not my job. you can google the number for that question. i was like what support do you provide? her exact words "" nothing""!"
seems fine. i have a small business, so this app does what i need it to. may i suggest adding a minus button in the number keyboard area that pops up when you add a product price in the invoice? i like to show a discount amount and it's not possible without the  key.
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices. no resolution or contact from customer service. it happens almost weekly. what a nightmare. looking for alternatives.
. very easy to use mobile accounting app
unusable on ipad pro. was intending to transfer all of my business computing over to my more than capable ipad pro. intuit seems to have other ideas. unable to run my business with the quickbooks software with the app or through the browser. a very unsatisfactory situation having my computing need dictated by intuit. will change software as soon as practical.
. easy to use great app
. it's a great app but i wish it could do bank recs and have a little more of the web functionality. at least i'm able to do basic billing.
. very good experience, very helpful and pro
needs to be qb online, this app is something else entirely.. the ipad version of this program (and android for that matter) really need to match  exactly match  the web version accessed through quickbooks online in a web browser. the differences are notable, and the experience moving from one version to another is unpleasant. i can’t recommend the ipad version of this program.
. its perfect for a small or big buisness. the quickbook invoicing is programed so user friendly its incredible how fast i can do an estimate, load all my documents, upload pictures, email directly to your customer and have them sign the screen right on your cell phone. not to mention its doing your bookkeeping at the same time. i absolutely love it!
. no need for a secretary qb does it all
keeps on getting better. has been very useful and absolutely love the new ui.
still in need of basic functionality. timesheets are a must have feature for the mobile app.
. great app and fairly easy to use
". takes customer support weeks to respond, and even then, they have no idea what causes the many errors. be prepared to find work around and give up on certain functions. regret the decision to work with qbo. unable to sync with my data through app, after 3 days of ""engineers working on it"" (or are they off on the weekend even though your problem started onba friday?)"
never worked. downloaded app but it has consistently failed to open. only the message 'unfortunately quickbooks online has stopped'. tried all the suggested work rounds, uninstall, clear data, clear cache. called help centre and their agent couldn't have been any more disinterested. appalling customer service. not worth subscribing. dreadful service.
. 1720 update  i had used the mobile app for android for quite a long time with no issue and then approximately one month ago after an update the dashboard no longer has any information and is blank. i can still see activity but there's no way to get to customers or any of the other functions. i've emailed previously with no response. previous review: works well for viewing quickbooks info and taking payments
. keep track of expenses with this slick app!
works pretty good. latest update works pretty good. still do 90% of work on desktop but it had been useful to have access when i need it
perfect for business on the go!. love that i can do invoices and deposits on the go
. it will not show proper reports when there is multiples companies in a login (this problem is only on my android phone)
terrible. glitchy. doesn't update new transactions. hard to navigate compared to desktop qbo app. honestly, intuit knows it can do better than this. they're just greedy.
easy to use. makes life easy for tracking all business expenses and payments
inferior to qb online on desktop. qb app on ipad or android does not not have even half of the features that qb online has on a desktop. i can manage basic invoicing, basic expenses, see transactions, and pull up basic reports... everything about this app is basic. i have to actually be on my desktop to access the full features of qb online. very dissapointed.
love it. customers are paying online. so much easier for my business. great app.
. this app is rubbish. it doesn't do the single thing you'd think was necessary using phone camera to take photo of receipt to attach to transaction.
how... to switch companies in this app?
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
it's really useful. it's really useful
mileage is a joke. i upgraded to this account from the self employed version and the mileage is a joke. i thought the self employed was horrible. it completely missed a whole day of travel and cut’s off trips in the middle of traveling. or cuts the trips starting and ending if it even records the visit.
. this app is amazing. still trying to figure everything out for my business but i love it. i just wish i could create order forms for my customers
sweet & sour. been using for a month or so, very pleased on being able to do my bookkeeping on the go..... but!! disappointed on not being able to have balances on checking or savings accounts unless you get back to a computer. please add this feature.
switching between account requires logout and login. so annoying, especially since there is no support for touch id. why can't you let us switch from within the app?
good but frustrating.. no access to vendor information or purchase orders on an iphone or ipad. have complained about this for nearly 2 years. falling on deaf ears. they agree that it would make sense but there is no one that gives a *%!£ to do anything.
. malfunctions on every level. did not attach a single receipt picture to the transaction. brought in the bank accounts and scrambled them. even on the desktop deposits are expenses and you cannot edit them
. been able to keep on top of my record keeping so much easier
. love this app. making work so much easier. & reminds me of what needs paying & when someone hasn't paid. making the company alot more up to date & finally in the 21st century!
bad update. this update is very bad. activities don't come up anymore. have to navigate to long to find stuff... i don't need to see company details first. i need to see customer activities.... this is such a waste of time and very frustrating. now i have to search for a new program.
great app.. i am new to quickbook, but found this app as very helpful tool to run a small business, no matter where i am, at home, in the office or on the road. thanks +++++
statements. can't send statements or use bundles in the app. email customer services about it and they send you a email about doing it on your desk top. been asking for 6 months to have it added to the app. just get the same response while they add useless gimmicks to the app.
touch id. the app works well once you've signed in, but the touch id still isn't working properly. you have to sign in manually first. then, it allows you to switch between apps using touch id to sign back in for a while. however, if you sign out completely, it appears you can't use touch id to sign back in again. i thought the whole purpose of touch id was to avoid having to enter your password each time and to increase security.
no way to categorize transactions. no way to access bankcredit card accounts to categorize transactions. what's the point of having the profitloss tab if that's the case??
absolutely inconsistent. probably the worst app i had on my phone. i have deleted it. it gives incorrect, inconsistent notifications. it’s completely useless to access certain parts of qbo. how incredibly unfortunate that intuit can’t build an app that can compare with the advances made in qbo.
. far too long to load (on new phone). unresponsive and not well developed
. i can't even open the app. it just keeps closing.
awful. it's so confusing i hate it can't seem to manually enter stuff have to download from hsbc but other accounts i use ie trade card & fuelgenie aren't recognised so it refuses to set up & let you enter stuff manually. i so much preferred to enter everything manually you know where you are with this i haven't a clue it's all over the place. i want old fashioned quickbooks that was easy and understandable this is a joke.
limited. as far as i can see it's not possible to enter expenses. given in many cases businesses have more outgoing transactions that incoming this is a critical weakness.
needs a lot more work. i downloaded both versions and i am disappointed that ipad has fewer features and functionalities compared to iphone version. it is more convenient to work on a tablet however until all the features are included i am just going to continue online. hopefully qb will send an update soon.
good and convenient. i can sync quickbooks on my computer, ipad and iphone. convenient
mr david prince. great app. i use it all the time on my phone and tablet.it works seamlessly with qbo. invoicing, receipts, checking my account, giving it to my bookeeper all easy and on the go. i couldn't do without it now.
. convenient app works great
rubbish. doesn't work. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. deleted. no support from customer service
excellent tool. ive been using it for almost a year and its easy to use and simple to understand.
highly recommend!. very useful when you're on the go and need to update and categorize for your accountant! better than their website.
. good app
crashing and signing out. hi there this app continuously crashes saying it needs crucial updates. there are no updates and continues to do the same over and over again. i cannot use it at all now. help.
good to review. i haven't got deep into it to create billing invoices yet but just to review what i've done from the work station, it's great.
all you need to run a business.. awesome app. all your accounting needs are build into the app. very easy to use.
simple and reliable. never quits. wicked easy to use.
great app for accounting on the go!. i don't know why people are disappointed in this app it's an app, not an entire accounting software. plus it's free! i love this app. i can create, manage & send invoices on the go. that's all i need to do. it has a simple interface. kudos to qb.
great app. had quick books for a while, the app is easy to use and has most of the futures that you would need on a phone... any bigger thing use a comp.
best app ever. i cant think of a better way to manage your bussinnes while you are on the go
loving it. been hunting for a simple app for managing the finances of my farm business. this helps me with capturing and analysis of all my expenses and income. the reporting is also amazing. i also love the fact that i can even get more stats and reports via the web. amazing stuff. already introduced it to quite a number of industry colleagues. truly an amazing app
. fantastic and very simple to use
happy customer. best small business software ever. qbs has made my life so much better and my books are much more accurate🤗. thank you for a user friendly accounting service.
. banking is better and easier with the quickbooks app
. easy to navigate and perfect for small business owners!
if you have an issue reload the app.. that fixed my problem and it works great now.
. can't make a payment no options anywhere need to get invoice done
. this app really is useless. i'm having to manually input all of my banking transactions because it never feeds in the real time info as it should. the layout is counter intuitive and frustrating to use. it's like they've made the app but never done any testing or had any feedback on how they can improve it and make it user friendly. my books are an incoherent mess at the moment, this app is supposed to make things easier but it's awful.
work in progress, work not yet completed. very convenient and functional tomorrow to add expenses and receipts on the go. however only expenses not bills or other random transactions can be accessed through the mobile app. hoping intuit sees the feedback and that all transactions available including bills to be accessed on the mobile app.
. very useful app.
great apps. easy to use
. in general this is a good accounting app but lacks some of the features of the desktop site. the automatic email from the app and the desktop site is also more like its promoting qb than my organisation. new projectclient costing is very good so far.
. i personally had a bad experience with customer they could not or would not a simple question instead kept referring me to tutorials which did not answer the question
very unintuitive. is hard to tell which expenses are finalized which ones aren't. it's just not a very friendly interface.
why!?!. this app and online program is insanely buggy. every time i try and open the app it takes five or six trys before it loads. once it loads i am satisfied at best with the user experience, but if my internet connection isn't a gig a second the app crashes. i wish i didn't pay for a years worth of service or i would delete it with extreme prejudice.
love it. makes it easy to keep tracking of eveything. as a business owner, operator it gets hard to sit down in front of a computer, with this i can do my invoices on the go!
simply superb!. quick books app really took my accounting overview in a single glance. thanks qb team for amazing ui
. easy to setup & customize invoices, accurate, i am pleased!
. there are many bugs and glitches. the ios version allows bank feed updates and this one doesn't!! still doesn't. still buggy.
. great accounting software....would give a five if it would include job costing
. expenses can be duplicated if the save button is pressed more than one time.
super simple. i love this app! so easy to take pictures and attach receipts to my transactions, send invoices, take payments, sign docs... very easy and simple...love it!
. love it very helpful and easy to use looks very professional for estimates and invoices
. very disappointed this is a spotty business resource. sync issues. i entered a customer contact once and it appeared as a new payment in my activity tab. update: i have cancelled for other reasons. looking elsewhere. wish it wouldve worked.
. the worst!!!! i switched to a new phone and now it doesn't recognize my user name and password. it even allowed me to change the password and then wouldn't recognize the new one. called twice to resolve the problem. first time, 35 minute wait and hung up. 2nd time 40 minute wait, hung up. i will be canceling my subscription and looking for a quality competitor who values customer service. what a shame!
. easy to use, great for keeping track of expenses, account payable, billing invoices, service. link to your bank account to keep track of everything all in one place
. wonderous estimating. billing. accounting. all on the go? this app is the shizz!!!!
amazing app. amazing app that functions well enough to keep track of and coordinate your business.
sync does not work. since the april 25th update bank sync is not working. i called tech support and they say they are working on it. no news yet after one week.
it works ok...but, be warned!!. they state 25 business days for payments to clear to your bank account, truth is it typically takes 510 days and way longer if payments are more than a few thousand dollars. they make you wait on your $ while they snag a chunk of interest on your funds. it’s been almost 12 months and we’ve decided to go back to square for their faster processing.
qb app. not useful as it could be as you can't enter a bill! not being able to enter a bill makes it useless to work from an ipad or tablet device.
meh. still not sure how quick books became the market leader and they have been resting on their laurels for years. the app is no exception. there are lots of improvements they could make but they are too lazy.
. the app has not been working properly for over 2 weeks now.
works great!. i am a new business owner and i have qb online on my pc, ipad and iphone. it is great to be able to record expenses and take photos of the receipts right when it happens rather than waiting until later and possibly forgetting. no issues found so far!
owner. love being able to have quickbooks on my phone and being able to send invoices and receive payments on the go. makes my job so much easier. app works great and is so simple that even my husband can figure it out :)
crapapp. quickbooks program is nice though the company's blatant lack of interest in the osx platform baffles me... this app is basically worthless and does not update to changes made online four weeks ago... they have light years to go before this app is worthy of being used...
it's okay. can't send reminders or edit invoices ... kind of a pain.. great for sending invoices on the go though !
disapponted. thus app us completely worthless to me without the register.
. love this app. life has gotten so much more organized and business transactions so much easier
no major complaints thus far. pretty convenient to do on the phone. i guess it's worth the subscription fee.
unable to log amex expenses while mobile.. this seems such a basic function that this app is missing.
love this app. helps a lot with my work
dan boulton. great bit of kit, works on desktops (chrome a must) and ipads. great to tap into the companies account anywhere, any places. a few problems from the start , but we are flying now. great value for money for both new and old business.
". what app is it .. ""unable to sign up"" over and over again,"
. good app
very convenient!. this app has saved me on so many occasions. being able sending invoices and estimates onthego is awesome.
. i can't login my account
quickbooks online. nice booking updates
after 3 years qb stops working. spent hours on the phone with support. no solution. cannot add items to an invoice. i'm a distributor so mobile is pretty important. sorry qb pretty disappointed with your product.
great for consulting.. works great to invoice customers while on site.
useless. can not load. i have a brand new iphone. i have tried to log onto qb at home, at work & without wifi at all. i have never been able to log in. it always says downloading company info and just keeps loading. i never get in.
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
. i have been learning a lot about quick books. it's helpful to my company. i keep up on my invoice do date's, and spending.
great app. i wasn't sure how much i would use this app, but the ability to check status of accounts and stay on top of basic needs while out dealing with clients has me sold. could have more functions but i'm not sure it needs to.
very frustrating. i can't understand why quickbooks refuses to put time tracking in their mobile app. time tracking is weak at best on a desktop but excluding it on mobile makes no sense. as a graphic designer who only sells time, this is close to worthless.
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
estimate layout. i like the way the app works, i have problems when i need to include a lot of info on the estimates. when i send it it leaves the first page blank and cuts of some of the info on the second page. overall great though!
. i have been using this app for a year now, it helps me keep up with all my recipts and invocies for my cleaning business.
not a replacement. not fast. doesn't sync well.. this app needs a lot of work to be reliable and usable. no matter how many times i sync it doesn't actually sync to the web apps data. it keeps logging me off the fingerprint option. this might be designed in there because human fingerprints change very often? correct?
great set up. makes my life way easier!!
five stars!. has helped out tremendously when it comes to my business. it makes it so much easier to use then the paper receipt books. it helps me stay organized and keeps me updated to the second. thanks quickbooks!
ios 13 crash. an awful app that is made even less useful in ios13 because it just crashes straight after running.
cody. no reports. no p&l. can not work with downloaded transactions, which for me is critical. looks good, but is not really useful if your trying to get work done. maybe it will get better!
nice app. i really like this app, but wish it was a little easier to navigate and do more.
the speedy man, owner. i run my business on quickbook online for a year, and i never had any issues. i suggest, to new subscribers, getting familiar with the desktop version and having a basic accounting background , we can perform a ton of tasks on it. afterwards, we can start using the mobile app.
very disappointed. ever since i updated it doesn't save my expenses and crashes a lot. very disappointed.
new update issues. the previous update solved these issues, but this current update causes error messages with sales rep login whenever creating invoices, and also causes printing communication errors constantly.
kenneth w. elliott sr.. easy to use and easy to personalize almost everything. would like to be able to change the quickbooks automatic invoice number to suit my needs. wish it had quarterly tax payment capability though and be able to send them to the irs.
great app!. our company switched from quickbooks desktop to the online version which came with the option to download the app. we now use the app more than online. we handle estimates, invoices, payments, banking and more directly in the app and on the go. the app has a simple and clean look making it easy to navigate. to date we haven't had any issues with it. we are excited to finally be able to get things done in less time!
. great app
. now we can update our financial data but still miss so many report.
very nice app. easy to use makes life lot easier and saves time
great for on the go. i originally only used quick books software on my pc. it was still nice software but i would often find myself behind or forgetting to update my accounts. now with the software on my iphone i can easily update everything immediately. i have been using it for a while now and haven't experienced any problems.
pretty good app. have an issue with multi tasking. app doesn't stay in the multi tasking overflow menu, so when working with my calendar, i need to manually open the app again from the app drawer. pretty frustrating. it's supposed to be a productivity app for small businesses, but its really not
. super easy to use on my galaxy 4 able to invoice clients as i am departing the work site. leads to quicker payments.
fantastic app. as a contractor to be in the field instantly give my customers and estimate or full fullblown bid and be able to follow up with change orders and billing all in one spot. very convenient easy to use and it works great on my phone , home computer, or ipad all at the same time. highly recommend this product not had one problem with it to date.
. wow isn't enough ... 100000 problems 1 sollution.. بتوفيق الله سبحانه وتعالى ... و برحمته و بفضله ... والحمد لله رب العالمين .. الخير كل من عند الله سبحانه و تعالى ...
very convenient. app is great when you are not in your office.
qb. completely unusable since 6th september update. crashes all the time on latest ios please fix this.
. very close to cancelling my subscription as app doesn't work. after adding 45 receipts i get an error message that my request cannot be added and i should call customer support. have tried reinstalling clearing cache signing out and nothing works permanently very frustrated
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk please tell me who to email in response qb
great for simple tasks. love the quick view and invoicing. easy to attach receipts. wish i could do bank rec
multiple currencies. it should support multiple currencies. can't key in expenses that are not in my home currency
normal. güzel bir uygulama ama raporlama eksik
. this app is extremely slow, to the point of being unusable. the bank feed is ridiculously slow, anf accepting transactions lags terribly.
. amazing app
. disappointed trying to set up for a new business and linking bank account. keeps telling me something has gone wrong. after phoning up still no help. tried on 2 different devices and uninstalled loads of times. not happy. 🙈😥
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
. fake reviews on their website. impossible to leave a review. they held $10,000 in ach payments for 18 days without cause. after setup, their ach payments system went down, no notice email went out. our customers couldn't pay, when asked when it would be available, they couldn't give an answer. unreliable and poor customer service. not what i expected from a large financial company.
"confusing and cluttered app. i love that nearly all of the features in the desktop app are here in the mobile app. however the interface, especially the home page, is confusing and cluttered. ""company activity"" is a bit useless as the default page. show me the charts of paidunpaid invoices. i think the developers are tasked with including every single feature and that clouds their design judgement. it's not an easy ask but let's make this app more mobile friendly."
capturing expenses? approving transactions?. really nothing no support for the consultant on the go? why can't i shoot a picture of a receipt put a dollar value a catagory and a note and have it either for review or added to my expenses. what about my transaction list i can't see the same information from the full website here at all. throw us a bone man....
app crashes after each action. i use the desktop version most of the time but when i need to use it when away, it’s really frustrating that the app shuts after every action making doing anything painfully cumbersome.
invoice reminder from app. i was hoping to manage my quickbooks account on my ipad like how i use qkb on a laptop, but it seems like on the ipad version it’s missing a lot functionalities, such as invoice reminder to client. also to set up the invoice reminder. can you please improve this in your next update? thanks.
. square app is so much easier to navigate on mobile app. plus square has instant deposit. quick books i have to wait 2 buisness days at the least. horrible.
easy to use. very easy to use and can so it when ever is convenient for u
. great app for small businesses...needs some improvements in some areas
. not bad if all you need is basic access and are happy to ignore or correct inconsistencies in the web interface after. there are a lot of data fields missing in product and customer creation. you can't view or create purchase orders and no data regarding them is included in the activity and dashboard views. not a lot of development and improvement in over a year.
almost perfect. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
taking too long to integrate with desktop version. all the press releases state that quickbooks is usable across all platforms, it is only part usable on the ipad version and even less on the iphone. have been waiting weeks for it have full functionality on the ipad.
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business! to reconcile accounts you'll need to access the full power of qbonline on a browser, preferably on your tablet, laptop or desktop.
good for basic functions.. would be better if invoices that are sent could have the ability to pay online, luke when being sent from desktop. more invoice history also..limited to 50 right now.
where's the touch password?. i use keychain so my quickboks password on my mac is super random, with dashes and strange symbols. i use quickbooks on my iphone so i can quickly add expenses when on the road and don't have a mac nearby. please add the touch password feature back in so the iphone app is convenient again.
so useful.... i don't really use it like it's designed. i have 50 company trucks & 5 semi trucks to keep track of at our repair shop. this allows me to document everything. each vehicle as a customer with year & type always easy to find. each invoice acts as a repair, allows me to document every detail and track costs. luv this app! well worth the subscription fee.
. love this app, keeps track of all my expenses and payments from clients. easiest way to do estimates and invoices as well.
. great app, though i still need to refer to the desktop version. i am unable to pay employees through the app.
quickbooks mobile app. greatest addition to my business i ever made!
great app.
. great app
just too expensive.... i run a small business and can't afford the monthly dues of qbo. hoping they come up with a more competitive product at some point...
very powerful tool. the app is really nice and efficient. will get even better when the ability to create a credit note is made available on both ios and android devices. i really don't understand why this must have feature has not been added yet. thanks!
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program. new version has new colours!! yay so practical!! doesn’t accommodate qc payroll deductions like cssnt but that’s ok, it’s colourful. intuit idiots.
quickbooks online. i wish the app was easier and more full functional but then the whole online product is sorely lacking relative to the old offline product. saas makes such a difference for smbs but intuit has missed the boat on the cloudbased solution. ugh!!
literally crashes every time i try to enter a sale.. great for tracking expenses but useless for processing and tracking sales. very disappointed.
great app!. this app great. helps me stay organized
it's scam don't download 19.99 per month they took from my account. i just did download almost 8 month ago this app they took from my account almost 19.99 per month after cancel also they are robbing very bad don't download at all even no customer service to help you to talk also bad bad super bad
owner. great app nothing more to be said. everything is so organized. i love it!!
no more receipts in my pocket. shoot the receipt and record the transaction, now even more quickly with touchid
. quickbooks online is reporting an error everytime i try to log on. cannot sync data. reported multiple time. it has not been fixed
add items?. there's no where to add items, only when i make an invoice it let's you add items, but there's no items list so you can quickly choose from lists, so every time i make an invoice i have to add an item manually instead of choosing from a list?
. app crashes a lot. several times after updates are made to the app it will crash after i have to sign in again. now it just crashes after i try to sign in.
efficient. makes my life a lot easier i can create invoices. customers can pay their bill right in front of me what i sent them to the email. can’t get no better than that
feed. need to be able to change from sales receipt to invoice without canceling and starting over. would also be nice if every few months we didn’t have to delete and reinstall
. game changer. invoicing and tracking expenses just got so easy. it's amazing, and i am only sad i didn't know about it sooner!
. makes life easier
great!!. works so well. love how easy it is to use, love how seamless the app works as well as the computer version. so easy to send invoices via email. was so happy when i found out easy it is to use!
incomplete and not easy to use. privacy settings are lacking as they previously were in the online version. to be useful, i need to be able to pass the ipad to a sales associate sioux giving them the amount of access they currently have (with the limited privacy settings). also, the login and password system is cumbersome meaning it isn't quick to open up the app to charge a customers card (faster to run it through the online version)
limited, buggy, slow... this a majorly limited version of quickbooks online. you really can't do much with it. it also crashes often and is extremely, painstakingly slow. but so is qb online for that matter.
my dependable business partner. over the years, as a small business owner, i have come to depend on quickbooks. initially that made me extremely nervous, but i have found that both the app and the online version have come to be dependable and it's very important partner in my business success. they have made the app even more intuitive. i recommend it!
great. had some problems at first, but i was helped promptly and the problem was fixed immediately. great support team.
disappointing. i've been a longtime user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
great way to get my money in and estimates out.. really happy quickbooks enables me to work anywhere creating on the spot estimates and invoices making my cash flow work better for me. great app
awful software. i have quickbooks for years and the service is awful and the customer service reps can't help you. plus read the small print about the merchant account i have been paying 4% on credit card transactions. simply horrible
extremely limited. no credit memos, you can't have a simple addition of how much you have to receive in open invoices at a specific date, no journal entries. i have only my ipad pro and if i try to access the web version, it's not compatible with any browser on ios. so you're stuck and you need a pcmac only for these things. it's a terrible, terrible experience.
oakes firewood llc. great app! love it! easy and fast to use. good job!
love the convenience. great app
keep crashing. after last update june 12 2019 keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
scott. i find the app to be a great addition to the desktop version. having access to all invoices and customers through my phone is excellent.
transferring to turbotax. transferring company file from online quickbooks to turbotax is only was possible by transferring the company file to desktop quickbooks and from there to turbotax. to do this transition you will need an old computer with windows 7 and ie11 32 bit. totally ridiculous and intuit looks does not care about this issue and left their customers alone with the issue. it’s a shame.
good but app missing functionality. the app does not compare to the desktop version. the app does not show menu item for employees. i am using android and have reinstalled as advised by qb support but it makes no difference.
almost perfect. it would be perfect if there was an overview dashboard that showed outstanding invoices like the online dashboard.
stay well away!. worst software i have used to date. zero customer service. ignores all complaints. takes forever to load. constant problems. not user friendly.
slow.. not was easy as before. not much function as before. some new function was not useful
. good app but even just a few days in i can see areas the app needs improvement
. great but limited awesome for invoices and receipts. can't manage reports or banking.
app not working on my phone. app is currently not even loading before it crashes. nextbit robin on marshmallow 6.0.1. sent error report weeks ago and nothing yet...
recent update. thursday i updated my ios, then updated the app. it’s now crashing after sign in. please fix this, my phone is a xr
this makes business owner life that much easier. i love this app, intuit is the best period. i also have mint app but this is easier for me as a business owner as weird as it may sound
so much better. intuit have certainly listened to there customers and have massively improved the app with some recent updates. so much better and easier to use than before. well done intuit finally glad a huge company has finally listened to its customers
great product. great for any small startup or established business. gives you the tools to keep up with the income and expenses for taxes. pay bills and payroll quickly and efficiently.
. your mobile app crashed since 2508. unable to launch until today. app is still not working perfectly. unable to edit details especially product and service. keep suggesting to contact support but app complete freeze when i tapped on support.
. it's an ok app, tends to crash here and there.
very good.. we've been using this app and have been very impressed with it.
great for small businesses!. so far flawless app. i'm a mobile business and have tried several crm platforms. this is brilliantly designed and easy to use. i would like the opportunity for customers to apply a tip to their online payment.
very convenient, its great access. could be more useful if advanced features allowed access to edit more, like editing products
. last night's update totally messed up our county taxes, forcing you to use an incorrect rate, less than the state and county expect. we will need to use a different system now do avoid tax issues.
new update has me locked out. automatic update to my software today. now i can access my account. fix it now! i am paying way too much to not be able to access my account!
good app.. it works good with my ipad mini.
if you don’t use quickbooks you’re probably wasting a lot of time.. i find the day to day management of my business much easier and less time consuming since i started using quick books. as with everything, it isn’t perfect. i would like to see more features on the mobile app. that being said, i only use the app and it works well for me. customer service is excellent. they strive to resolve any issue you throw at them. i would highly recommend!
. great program for everyday needs of running our landscaping business
missing allot of simple things. to receive payments i need a computer but to convert estiments only works on the phone really odd service i need it but still don't like it
. the apps always crashes!
. the quickbooks mobile app is userfriendly and has most of the functions available the pc app has.
. workz great....but shud have more options in the android app, wud be really nice to see inventory levels right on a phone app. 5 stars when it does.
ios 11 glitch. hi. since i upgraded to ios 11 the qb app does not allow me to do split transactions. this is a major glitch for me as most transactions are split. please can you get on to this as soon as possible. as a user of intuit software for nearly 20 years i know you'll fix this. thanks for great software.
great. great app easy to use and all but needs a mileage tracker logbook like the quickbooks self employed has
so easy to use!. love how simple and easy this is to use, love how it all connects to my paypal account too
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
accounting made simple!. love it,love it.love it!!!!!
. easy to use, great for keeping track of expenses, account payable, billing invoices, service. link to your bank account to keep track of everything all in one place
keep having to uninreinstall. i keep having to uninstall app then reinstall because it gives me a black screen, then closes out. this is the 2nd time i’ve had to do this and it appears it may be a bug of sorts. overall happy with the app but please fix this glitch.
organized. been in business for 20 years and been using this app for a year. love it. still lots beyond my abilities and i wish there was a little more help in the app for the accounting inept like me but i just bring the app to my accountant and they can pull all the data needed. recommend it. see sales, cost, accounts receivable at any given moment.
. ease of use. ability to send professional estimatesinvoices from anywhere. the ability to load price list makes creating estimates and invoices easy.
issue. man it tells me it’s not supported even tho it updates keep saying the same message
. very user friendly app.
. quickbooks app is the easiest invoicing app i have ever used.
. not bad a bit confusing at first
love this app tho. 😘👌👍👏😊♡✔
qb app. product has improved greatly since its first launch. still room for improvement. i wish you could add time activities like you can in the online version.
. excellent love being able to send invoices as i'm taking to customer face to face.
if you enjoy torture.... nothing ever just functions smoothly. i attribute half of my gray hairs and 15 points on my blood pressure to this program that almost works. oh, wait, there’s new information, save and lose your work.... again!
good start but need improvement. good to have a mobile app but many features missing: > take pic of receipts > journal entry > make deposit to mention a few.
. i only give 5 stars if the app gives me free food.
. love it kindly introduce an app for the managers too. which shows reports.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
it's a good app. very convenient. the mobile app isn't perfect, and as some have pointed out a few features are missing in the mobile app. but qb is convenient. i can take payments, check accounts, and do basic things while i'm out and about. it's good, and quickbooks online support has been great lately.
. excellent app.
subscription error. while i love the program, it had cancelled my subscription and won't let me do anything. get this fixed and you'll be back up to 5 stars.
awesome app. love it
needs more. needs way more functionality. too few procedures allowed on mobile app. would have expected more from quickbooks
. great app on my android. can it be used in my fire tablets?
. great app
google signin never works. i have tried and tried to get into the quickbooks app using the google signin. i get it to work maybe 1 out of every 50 times i try to login. i don't know why they haven't fixed this issue yet. i always end up logging in on my mobile browser instead. fail
crashing on ios13 please update asap!. crashing on ios13 please update asap!
. last update made my app work. great job! samsung galaxy s2 sprint epic touch 4g.
lacking features on the app. the online version is good and it has a lot of features. i hope to see them available on the app as well soon.
not compatible with my lg g4 phone. i bought new lg g4 and installed the app on it, once i try to sign in the app crashes , i sent email to customer service and it has been three months since then, they keep saying we are trying to solve the issue, worst customer service ever.
improved greatly. since the last update, the bugs have been worked out and the issues i'd seen don't occur anymore. thank you
. simple to use and good value. love the app!
. great but sometimes invoices lock with the inability to edit unless opened with a different device.
qb needs to hire a ux person. how convoluted can a simple task be? try quickbooks. or if you value your time, get expensify.
slowly losing my business. i'm about tired of this app not functioning properly. embarrassing to say the least when i have a customer trying to pay their bill and i can't even connect to quickbooks online server. none of your apps are working as advertised. $25month for what again?
after update statements wont scroll down. after bug fix for ios13, statements wont scroll down. please fix
not reliable on weekends or holidays. times when i have to work on weekends or holidays i have the most issues logging in and being able to invoice customers. there is also times when i can’t login during the week, i’m guessing due to quickbooks working on servers! wish i could install as a program on my tablet instead of a app or still be able to use offline to print an invoice and receipt
crashes too much, stressful. doing accounting is difficult enough. why did quickbooks create an app that crashes and creates frustration then?! this is not my phone's problem, because i have the latest apple model.
easy. i have found this app very easy to use. being able to tap into your invoicing system when out on a job. it enables me to issue an invoice same moment the job is finished and emailed to my customer stood in front of me, that way my customer has a paperless invoice and can pay you right away. saves time!
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
supper great and easy. this is a time saver app
still can’t upload images for receipts. still can’t upload images for receipts
simple and easy. i find the app and the computer program simple and easy to navigate. i operate my small business using quickbooks and i am yet to have an issue.
. over all great app. there are some things i would like to see different, but it serves its purpose.
great tool. this app helps me keep track of my business finances and at the click of a button i can see who owes me money or who i owe money to. really useful!!
. very user friendly
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution update; tried your solutions and emailed the error to support multiple times no response. i created another trial account and that one retrieved data no issue. it just wont retrieve data on mobile from my actual company account.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
shady. very easily hacked and an unsafe server. average waiting time for customer service on the phone is hour. you will be transferred at least 2 to 3 times, hopefully you can get somebody who speaks english.
pretty good. nice to have my business account online so i can check and send invoices when needed. only annoyance is it keeps fully logging me out.
. good app very nice and handy
the worst customer service ever. don’t waist your time. trust my word. update. i’m paying for 3 of the same app now and still can’t get any help.
great app!. it's clear they've put a lot of thought into the experience here. smooth ui and they keep adding features. thank you!
great tool. its great tool for small business. makes my life easier. recommend to everyone
still no progress invoicing!. great app for running a business on the road. i wish it had progressive invoicing...
. great app to get financial control of your business
. this app is very user friendly, that's important for a person with no accounting experience
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wasted almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
. wonderful app! extremely helpful when needing to createsend an invoice on the fly
the planet. no better business software on the planet!
perfect. this app does just what i need to stay current with billings and payments.
exactly what i need. the app combined with the online system does exactly what i need it to do. i can invoice clients as soon as i've left their premises, no more trying to keep a record and doing the paperwork later. invoice matching and bank data feeds make reconciliation so easy. this has reduced the amount of time i spend on my accounts significantly. goodbye sage, hello qb online. happy customer.
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
. horribly unresponsive and buggy. lacks feature parity with ios.
slow to load and outdated info. the mobile app is pretty much useless, continues to give outdated balances, the only report available is a basic p&l. i need to see a running balance, not just the bottom line which is usually wrong but no way to check! i see many updates but no improvements, only rate increases!
. very handy for on the go small business tasks
great app. i use apple products and it works great for us. get paid quick with credit cards or bank transfers.
quickbooks. super easy to use! i was able to backlog and bring my business up to speed with quickbooks within a few hours after downloading quickbooks! operating the app is fun and accessible!
easy to use. easy access to all key features and very responsive app
great, easy to use quickbooks app. so many great features with this app, love it. so easy to use!
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
. it really makes giving estimates & tracking invoices simple thats what i use it for a1
. so how long is your app going to be temporarily unavailable? we're going on 3 days now and i need to bill people.
don't work. don't start. when when it does it don't show all of invoices that are enter
. works great . easy to create and send invoices. highly recommended .
app works great. easy to do quick info inserts
so helpful. i love this app seriously. it's organized my work flow life so much!
overall but problems. overall works well for small business. a lot of problems with checking account and credit card connections. one i am still going to have to sort through to make sure transactions weren't missed, as it only loads back 90 days. and you get no notification if an account suddenly disconnects. its a mess but customer service is good and they work with you well.
useless  data download errors. the app worked great for the past couple years and now all the sudden it keeps crashing when trying to download my data. i own a mobile business and now i'm having to preplan and print invoices before i show up because the app is useless.
some problems. when it works it's great, i use it every day and every day there is a problem, the system tells me they are having problems, please try again later, takes forever to send email. it's very frustrating when you have a business on the go.
. best app ever.
extremely slow. painfully slow on both my mobile device and macbook. also, i have to refresh the app over and over to see the latest data. that wasn’t the case before. when i opened the app, it used to show the new data.
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
best financial app for nonfinance people. the most user friendly, cutting edge, accessible and collaborative financial app you can find which is affordable and does the job with least amount of financial knowledge.
. i'm locked out! unable to sign in we've noticed some suspicious behavior on your account. to keep information safe we have temporarily locked out your account from further access i spend hours on the phone with all kind of support guy no one was able to just unlock!this is going on more then a month and all those stupid customer support are just googling the issue. and not finding a solution just fix this! we are not playing guessing game here
best business app. very quick, no bugs or errors. love it!!!
none of the convenient features work. i send invoices quite often and with each invoice i need to add attachments. every time i try to add an attachment the invoice will not send. also the desktop app is garbage.
awesome. it's taken me a couple of weeks to figure everything out but wow this a well thought out software and app!
2x features missing from making this 5 stars.... 1: ability to do ‘purchase orders’ in expenses 2: ‘void’ sales invoices
. so far so good. my business isn't big so this software is just enough.
app crashing. after updating to the new version, app is crashing. kindly resolve the issue. not able to use
i'm a fan. i use this app almost daily now. was stuck on my computer and was not will to try it. but happy i did. joe i do accounting in the go. thanks quick books
not free. not a free app, just trial. tfn. re: your response, like i said it says it's free but it's not free..
new version problems. ever since the last update, i can no longer categorize and add income and expense from the app. it seems the buttons to “add” do not work.
. the app is very restricted, kind of defeats the object when many of the online functions aren't available
. all new version is awesome this app is awesome! when intuit separated the quickbooks mobile app from this quickbooks online app they fixed a bunch of bugs and added a ton of features. if you have a quickbooks online subscription you need this app!
very good app. in general very good app. missing key features like banking, updates etc.
. thank you for streamliningthe company... accessto everything on all devices makes it even easier!
. love the website! app could be made a bit better. and there is no discount column in invoices. please add discount!
won't download. the app says that there is not enough storage on my device yet the file size is just over 30 mb and i have well over 100 mb of available storage. very frustrating!
love the mobile app. they have made huge improvements to the mobile app. i don't have to access my desktop version as much. has greatly improved my ability to send invoices to customers in the fly. has decreased waiting for payments of invoices dramatically.
waste of time. i paid for the app to get the discount, spent an afternoon inputting information and suddenly it wouldn’t save anything. logged out, rebooted, problem still existed. uninstalled app. on reinstall, the system didn’t recognize my login and i couldn’t access any of the work i input. apple has my $$$ though!
. great app, works good
. best accounting software! worst customer service ever!!!! hold times are hours & when you finally get a person, which is a miracle, they get offended if your upset & will hang up on you!they do not want to help you, just keep you trapped in their maze paying that monthly (rediculous) price! all they want is your money! & will hold your important business info & data entered as ransome. *horrible business practice*
doesn’t have my bank. doesn’t have major banks in my country so can’t use it.
the software has been a nightmare recently using iphone and ipad keeps saying i haven't paid. i've written to emails and had absolutely no response to either no refunds either because i can't get the software to work unless i'm in mice studios on my laptop which is being fixed currently i won't be with me for the next four weeks so how i'm supposed to do any invoicing i have no idea this is absolutely ridiculous use sage...
. this app on android wont even open. i have the apple version and it works fine. i just keeps saying its stopped working....
brilliant app. makes running a business a lot easier.
many issues.... most of the time they come up with an update it does not work well after we update the app. they should test this updates before releasing it.
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
newest update. loved the app until the newest update. now for some reason i can no longer receive payments from my phone. which is very frustrating. i have closed out the app, restarted my phone and still can't do it.
good handy software. good handy software ... need accounts ledger and trail balance statement account according to indian standard
great app. so easy a caveman can do it
enables my business.... ...to run smooth and accurately from monthtomonth, yeartoyear. managing multiple clients and accounts would be a nightmare without quickbooks.
works good. easy to use.. it's really easy to file expenses with this. that's all i really need a mobile accounting app for.
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
not able to enter bills. i cannot on this app nor the mobile site enter bills or purchase orders!! its very bad because now payments cannot be entered from my asus padlaptop please update this asap!!!!!
. this app is not syncing my data from last 15 days. even support team is not responding with resoultion
newest update is nothing but problems. can no longer update estimates. freezes and have to close app. also cannot see new estimates fellow employees have created. app ran perfectly prior to the update. intuit needs to launch new update asap or they are losing my business.
. this is a great app and makes it easy to do so many parts of your bookkeeping through your phone. quickbooks online has been such a useful tool, and this is a great part of its use.
. really slow compared to desktop
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
missing time activities feature. this app is pretty good for the most part, however, it is missing the time activities feature like on the browser based software. please add this feature!!
. convenient, but i wish i were more familiar with business accounting. not for beginners.
. i've been trying to use this app for months and months. it doesnt work, and nobody has done anything about the problems even though there are numerous complaints and bad reviews. i'm getting ready to stop paying for quickbooks and find something else. i mainly wanted to us the app for taking pictures of receipts, but due to the syncing issues, i can't submit more than one receipt picture without the app hanging or freezing. i've tried reinstalling, clearing cache, etc. with no luck.
. this app sucks. it has stopped working and often displays incorrect information. it's super annoying. only the desktop works.
very disappointed. i'm very disappointed because i have been unable to login on with my iphone or macbook pro. i tried to get help through customer service but all i got was a link. very disappointed!!
. excellent app. the one i use most on my smartphone.
need options to customize invoices. please add more options to customize invoices. i need to add secondary contact information such as name, address and phone, along with the regular billing address. also, i would like to modify the invoice number. otherwise, this app is great for field use with my ipad+cellular. it has saved me tons of time compared with working on my laptop and quickbooks desktop.
o melhor!. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
. good software
ok app. easy to setup. big difference between windows version and ipad version. like the amount of critical info showed. on the windows version all critical info is shown. on the iso device not enough info shown. like cash sale,
crashes. would give it 0 stars if possible. crashes immediately after opening page information is submitted. don't waste your time
. great app for individual
unable to process gratuities!. the biggest complaint from my clients is they cannot pay extra for a gratuity. huge problem!!!! when can we fix this?
user friendly. it's user friendly and i can access everything i need wherever i have internet access.
good and convenient. i can sync quickbooks on my computer, ipad and iphone. convenient
. worked ok for a couple if weeks but home screen no longer visible on galaxy s10
quickbooks slow and hard to work. hard to understand and work. cannot pay on invoices on phone but can on computer. system is slow. give me the old system any day
. great app. i have had excellent customer service experiences.
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
best app for start up company. hands down this app is the best for any size company, once its all set and customized to your company you & your employees will operate more efficiently. take your time to learn it don't be afraid to call customer service they are very friendly and helpful.
quickbooks online. an easy to use system to keep track of your business accounts whilst on the move or on the couch at the end a hard day. works we'll on pc or ipad. very happy so far. looking forward to future upgrades etc.
hyperbole. good to have it tested.
. trola app
great app and super easy to use. very easy to use and customise. very intuitive to use and no excuse not to update on the go
. this good app
amazing improvement in technology. we operate a wholesale division, a small brick & motor store, and two large ecommerce platforms that we participate in. quickbooks online and the combination of some of the apps will completely revolutionize how we process our accounting and retail transactions. saving us countless hours of time and increasing productivity
. this app is easy to use and keep on top of, all business activites are in one place and the calculations are done for you!
good. app.
nogo on ipad pro. doesn't look good on ipad pro and doesn't support split screen. need to be able to have qb open on one side and my project system on the other to create invoices.
can't bring myself to use it.. it's nowhere near as useful as the desktop app. i'd love to be able to create an invoice on my phone or tablet and upload photos right from the device. can't do it yet.
suivi comptabilité. qbo est viral, on comprend ce que l'on fait et la plateforme est intuitive. autant plaisant sur ipad iphone chromebook ou safari, c'est compatible, pratique et efficace. permet le travail collaboratif en temps réel jusqu'à 5 personnes en même temps. wow
great for on the go businesses. i have been using quickbooks mobile for about a year now and it makes keeping up with invoices and payments a breeze.
useless. paid for the app a few days ago never used it and now they are saying i can't get my money back! maybe if i had had it for half a month then i could understand but not just a few days!!! i never had a user id because i never used or even opened the app!!!
makes my job so much easier. simple enough to use but detailed enough to get the job done.
. very useful app that almost makes bookkeeping fun. almost... :) let's face it, bookkeeping is a dreary chore but this software makes it tolerable and even pleasant some days. good work quickbooks!
always have problems. this application made only to collect money from us and every time they increase their monthly payment always have errors and problems and now big issues that i can not open the application on my phone and no one reply to our email or calls they are totally worst customer service ever
whyyy. why on earth would any app ask dor my banking information and password etc theres an api for those theres absolutely no way for me to share my password with anyone or anything... zero stars
. we have been using for a couple years now and are very satisfied with the flexibility and reliability of the program. the integration with tsheets is real time saver. highly recommend
never has worked on my s7 edge. i loved this app when it worked with my htc. since i switched to this phone, it keeps giving me an error message and despite talking with support multiple times, nothing has been done to resolve this. i have uninstalled and reinstalled the app multiple times and it has not resolved the problem. i have seen similar issues reported with this phone.
needs more... this app needs to have the ability to process statements. then we would not need to use a computer at all. i was expecting to not to need a computer anymore and be completely self sufficient using my ipad or iphone. otherwise it is ok. statements is a huge thing for me.
good app. good app more functionaly could be added
app crashes. ever since update cannot open app. need to fix immediately.
great app. 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻😊😊
. i have just started my own small business and this programapp is great and easy too use
good, but could be great!. it doesn't allow you to giveoffer a customer discount (% off the customers bill). it also doesn't transfer the customer notes from estimates to the final invoice. we have to copy & paste or write the description all over again. otherwise, it's pretty user friendly.
. so easy to use! i wish i had started to use this when i set up my business! it saves me so much time and i can enter transactions from my tablet which is so convenient. i also love the way it links (safely) to my bank account and automatically brings all my transactions into quickbooks. would strongly recommend!
. works great and simple to use
easy to use, even for a newbie!. great app. easy to use, even for someone with little accounting knowledge.
love tracking expenses.. being able to expenses right at the gas pump just makes sense. taking photos of receipts just makes things easier i wish i would've left the desktop app a while ago.
. quickbooks is great. i've been using it for a few years. customers can pay directly through their email and it makes keeping track of sales and expenses very easy.
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
great product. i couldn't be happier with this app is the best of the best, probably the purchase i ever done for my business
keeps crashing. every time i try to upload a receipt from my phone, it crashes when i press save & doesn’t save at all. i’ve tried closing the app & trying again, but it does it every time, so basically i can’t take a picture of any receipt & upload it. please fix!
makes life easier. does everything i need! only 1 suggest...i want to sort quotes by date created...
. it's amazing app
. this program will not let me separate my inactive accounts from my active accounts. also navigation is not intuitive to me.
. error with signing up. can't sign up so i'll uninstall.
superb app. works everytime for me, allows me to update invoices, expenses and record payments.
it works most of the time. it’s useful to have the app but more often i go to the browser site as you can do more on it. the app is good if you just want to record a quick expense and take a photo of the receipt to attach. quickbooks itself is a good accounting package, it’s just the app needs a bit more functionality.
great. app
professional.. this app helps me quickly and easily stay looking professional and on time with my invoices and government payments
good, but could be great!. it doesn't allow you to giveoffer a customer discount (% off the customers bill). it also doesn't transfer the customer notes from estimates to the final invoice. we have to copy & paste or write the description all over again. otherwise, it's pretty user friendly.
. can't edit invoice # can't edit invoice # so if you aren't entering the next invoice in line (like if you skip a number) there's no way to save it correctly with the correct invoice number. fail. tells me i've already got the next invoice # entered bc it won't let you edit invoice #. what's the point of trying to do it mobile if you're going to be told you have to do it online? waste of my time.
. works as expected very happy just through the app you can not attach pdf documents to the invoices at this time which i wish it could .
do not sign up using the app. signing up from the app store restricts how you can use quickbooks online. you will not be able to change basic setting like email address or password. sign up from a desktop. then you can login to the app later.
. love it! super easy to learn and use
we have qb enterprise. does this work with qb enterprise? or do you have anything that does?
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
. doesn't allow you to update linked bank accounts to bring in new transactions
was fantastic. everything worked great until the last update now the air print cannot find printer!
amazing. thank you for keeping it simple.
handy, but needs work. the app is pretty hand for some of my clients to invoice on the go or take photos of their receipts. i find it a little too dumbed down for my uses. i would love to be able to add delayed credits and charges and drill down on the financial statements. it would also be great to pull other reports, not just p&l and balance sheet.
tax problem in hong kong. i mostly use it to do my expenses, now with this update, they force me to input tax. but there is not tax here in hong kong. didn’t have the problem before. i don’t know how long they need to fix that. 👎🏻👎🏻
. honestly it's great, good for simple business use.. links well back to qb online.
great for business, especially if you drive a lot!!!. this app is great as well as the self employed app! make sure you do your invoicing all on one. they don't work together and have to reenter on desktop or quickbooks app. you can select personal or business for mileage and customize trips. all in all this is a great app!
"i can' t even register. ""server error "" i've sent emails and "" reported the issue"" but no response. i've used desktop quickbooks for years and was hoping to have the convenience of qbo on my phone. but now i think i'll just start looking for another online program"
sales receipts please. can you add the option to add sales receipts please? great app, thank you.
loved it. does exactly what you want. needs more access to desktop features but generally great app
crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim.
. quickbooks has always been a great product
. i love the app. i would like to see full functionality. that would allow for entries and time savings everywhere.
needs a calendar interface. great app, a clickable calendar link would make it more user friendly
. this app is missing some very important things like deposits and time entry.
. love that it automatically pulls transactions from my accounts and so many other features.
great app so far. great app. one thing needed i’d making it easier to change customers info when doing a new invoice for a previous customer but at a new address.
". getting this message for the last 3 days on my android. ""there was a problem syncing your data. wait a few minutes and try again"". please fix this"
great app. easy to use for on the go business. wish it had check printing feature. please add that.
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
wouldn't know what to do without it. love it helps keep me honest in line and stress free
helpful. this app is so helpful to my business. when i am on the go i can always retrieve the information that i need
abc air conditioning. fantastic, simple and has made a massive difference
. very useful and easy to use on the go. price friendly too
great for business. it's great that you can send invoices from phone. it would be even greater if it had a deposit feature. that way when you're at the bank you can just look on the app and see and check off your deposits from undeposited funds.
. this app works sometimes and then not at all. i log in and there is no icons to search customers or anything at all. please help!
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
. app crashs more then i can use it nearly impossible to get my work done will definitely be looking in to other ways t invoice and accept payments
the speedy man, owner. i run my business on quickbook online for a year, and i never had any issues. i suggest, to new subscribers, getting familiar with the desktop version and having a basic accounting background , we can perform a ton of tasks on it. afterwards, we can start using the mobile app.
found a problem. when creating an invoice adding parts even if you search when you go back to it to add another part it’s still in that same form from before and if you cancel nothing happens you would have to search for whatever else you want by name, you can’t just scroll please fix
useless for mobile access. doesn't have any of the features you would expect from a mobile app. if you want to do anything other than create a invoice or view transactions you put in from your desktop, its a waste of time. no balances, no accounts, nothing useful at all.
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
report functions. could you please add report function into qbo mobile app?
disappointed. downloaded this app so i could buy the payroll feature for my new company but it crashes immediately upon opening.
amazing improvement in technology. we operate a wholesale division, a small brick & motor store, and two large ecommerce platforms that we participate in. quickbooks online and the combination of some of the apps will completely revolutionize how we process our accounting and retail transactions. saving us countless hours of time and increasing productivity
missing data on iphone and ipad. i have an issues where invoices are missing for some customer on both iphone and ipad. the show up absolutely fine on the web. i can see the payments but get the error when i open the payment qbm.error.00500000.reason.iphone. please fix asap
this is amazing. app gets better all the time. and i getpaid faster with the easy to use app. thank qb
. one of my favorite apps this app is so convenient. i have the ability to check my book anywhere at anytime.
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
can’t access. i can’t access quick books off my mobile then i am unable to access it off my laptop as well, i log in and it just does nothing on my laptop and when i log in on my phone it logs me out and says i don’t have mobile access..
love it. this app works great for me.. .
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
does not support multiple currencies. hope they can add multiple currencies soon. it's useless if you have a primary currency other than usd.
. sometimes an app or service gets worse with time. this is one of them. it is stupidly expensive and incredibly unintuitive. please fix the random sign in and sales receipt bug and improve the ui or i will find another product.
almost always works. great convenience, except the 2% of the time when the app schnitts the bed
disappointed. i work a lot with the browser version of qbo which is really excellent. unfortunately, the ipad version is far from good... when we talk about cloudconnected application, i expect to have the same functionalities whatever is the system used. wrong design...
. app is so slow and doesn't have the functionality of the full web version making it pretty useless
. great software . still learning.
easy to use. easy access to all key features and very responsive app
decent. if there was a crash course in it, it could be the best app but it still gets the job done 😁
. i love qb it does everything but it takes to long to get your money so i've been processing with paypal then copying it over to this fix this issue and 10 stars
. having the app makes quickbooks that much easier. now i can write invoices on my phone no matter where i am at. time saver!
. makes my life easier
. has made my life much much easier please include income list
. i have this quick books and pay outrageous monthly for the worst service specially the mobile app. have called them so many times but all they care about is to collect. just waste of time and no help. i wish i could take my customer list and go to another co. does anyone know any co. better?
excellent companion to your quickbooks online subscription.. i rated this app lower than 5 stars when i first reviewed it. purely because it showed my invoices in usd and not gbp. unfortunately there was no way to change it once set. recently i had to completely reset my phone. this gave me the opportunity to install the app fresh. this time it picked up my local currency correctly. so, 5stars from me now.
. love this app for our business. we use it for billing and taxes and it's nice how its all online.
. i just started trying my hands on an accounting software and i think quickbooks the best. as a student and a beginner quickbooks is easy to use and easy understand.
business. great app
great app. awesome app
. slow app but super useful
very useful!. this app allows me to send clients a sales receipt as soon as they hand me the cash, invaluable when visiting clients.
disappointing. i've been a longtime user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
this is useless for invoicing. useless: on the product list it only shows first two words and the ..... i have multiple variations in same item. i can’t search product with sku, when i search by name it only shows first two words and then dots. i cant add the exact product on invoice. so its useless.
. great app does exactly everything i need for my small business.
excellent app for small business owners!. has helped my business tremendously and makes us more efficient even on the go! love it!
does what it says. works well. takes the place of an accountant, helps the small business man immensely. i believe i'm actually saving money compared to the cost of extra staff to do the same tasks.
help with my subscription. it says error downloading product information
. great app !!
love quickbooks app. very easy to use definitely recommend
wow. great app
over promised, under delivered. the desktop app is slow and the mobile app is lacking pretty important features. their tech support is horrible and can take days to resolve an issue....if they even admit that there is an issue.
awesome app!. really useful app!!!
". loving being able to access and invoice on the go! can be slow but so can online. entering invoices on phone i have to hide the keyboard to go to next field  be good to have ""next"" button."
. can't create an account. fails every time. can't update due to server failure. no support available either.
. great program. easy to use. payments made in the field, no more waiting for money. 2 thumbs up
. great app! easy to use and helps me keep track of our church income and expenses.
india is not mentioned. sorry to say that but i uninstalled the app in 3mins because india as a nation is not mentioned.
great flexibility. love being able to do estimates and invoices on the go.
needs work. this app has a lot of functionality, but lacks consistancy with the web version. as it is today, i can't send an invoice from this app which looks the same as i send from the web version. if what the customer sees becomes consistant i could give more stars.
hated to give them low rating. was scammed by an indian company 4 years ago and quickbooks didn’t reimburse me so i must give them 1 star until i’m made right.
quick books. great app
almost perfect. it would be perfect if there was an overview dashboard that showed outstanding invoices like the online dashboard.
. 1 star due to being conned by the sales staff. downloaded app and was offered 50% reduction if i signed up. next day get a call from quickbooks sales team saying they could offer the price lower for 12 months, signed up and looked at the offer on the app was lower. its a good tool but sales obv just want to meet their targets
contractor couldn't live without it. i use this app every time i bill a client and can provide him with an accurate, complete invoice and receive payment on the spot. importing customers from my contacts is a great help. a musthave complement to quickbooks online.
. fantastic easy and quick to use. makes my life so much easier!
. does not support in india
meh... large app, slow and expensive. looks nice but loading times are slow and not all sections display properly on a phone.
never disappointed. best accounting software available!
android user. would give it 5 stars if product button was available as it is on apple. great app, easy to use.
great. great app easy to use and all but needs a mileage tracker logbook like the quickbooks self employed has
does everything i need it to do. the app is easy to use and does everything i need it to do.
convenient but you pay for it. this app is really handy but they jack the prices up on you once you’ve gone through all the hassle of inputting your info. they know you won’t probably mess with changing programs once you’ve wasted all that time and energy. it is nice to use, however.
. where a brand new bakery, and this has been great! we can quickly do invoices and get paid. our bookkeeper especially loves this!
. great app. i love it.
junk.. not great. doesn't support photos. i guess thats to be expected from intuit. always a little behind the game. don't bother with support either they are worse. i have had my ipad cleared twice by their support. inventory and all. wonder why the go payments cant work like an invoicing system. talk about the blind leading the blind!
. this app is useless and doesn't work properly on a phone
great app. i haven't learnt all the features yet. but, it's worth every penny.
great app. it seems to work great! other then it not auto saving when i close the app, that is the only complaint i would have. everything else is awesome!
using for almost 30 yrs and about to quit. very sad that they charge for every issue now, to pay a bill, to use an invoice, even to do a credit for a vendor. it's going to be less expensive to hire a book keeper!
. doesn't work for the last few months on any of my devices. called many times support and they said they are aware of the problem and they are working on it. this is insane!!! i'm paying every month to get the online version and it doesn't even let me sign in. it shouldn't take month to fix such a problem.
awful, just awful. doesn't even show taxes or vat, you have to log on with a desktop browser for that. wish i’d signed up for another accounting app.
o melhor!. excelente!!! minha ferramenta de gestão financeira.
expenses. you cannot cost expenses to a particular job or client
broken. can’t save any new invoice sales receipt... ipad pro iphone xs max nothing works
fantastic. i love this app! it's very useful
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
new version stinks. one of the main reasons i use the app is so that i can pull up my customers entire transaction history when i'm out in the field. the previous version did that beautifully. other problems as well.
. working great. the app makes it easy for me to write receipts and invoices quickly from the field and my clients like having an emailed copy of everything i do.
". i have got a problem to add my bank details. the website doesn't work, after i chose ""i agree"" (under my bank description of using). please sort it out asap."
qbo app. luv the new dashboard!! excellent app. no complaints.
problem with update please fix. iphone x, after updating the app, it doesn’t let me edit any transactions at all, i can only approve what is recognized transaction, an unrecognized transaction is not responsive to touchscreen commands so i have to cancel edit. please fix
great mobile app. allows me to take my business anywhere.
love it. still can't enter bills. bills are strangely missing. can do expenses. otherwise very nice program on my phone!
no longer works properly. since latest update i can no longer do anything in the banking section. i can’t accept or change any transactions.
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
. loads, then crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled, and still crashes upon open. fingerprint doesn't work anymore. frustrating.
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck. *tried clearing data, same issue."
waste of time. don't bother, it doesn't work and they could not care less!!!
poor service. stopped connecting to my bank account so can’t link transactions and service and support is terrible and cannot work out why. won’t be using again and will be cancelling.
. very good software up to date
. this app is easy to use and convenient
. great great app
so simple it hurts. a comprehensive yet easy to use accounting package...brilliant...
. i can't believe how functional this app is. i love how much i can do from my phone, an it's all in sync all the time with what i do from my tablet or computer. it's great
. thanks for making our financial records tracking make easier. software is amazing. suggestion: please add purchase order in mobile app.
does not work for android any more. after months of calling customer service sending id ,still no luck . app does not work with android phones,it logs in but it's nothing there because it does not want synchronise,so i have my account with no details in it ,except profit and loss. so if any wants to use the app with android phone and have a data on the web do try it .
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
great app. easy to use.. i would like to see full desktop functionality on the mobile app.
sweet baby jesus this is exactly what i need. it has never been so easy to stay so financially organized. as someone who os chronically disorganized this app is a blessing. definitely worth the price when you need to record your expenses and write receipts, invoices and all sorts of other business related things to be professional.
great. efficient. user friendly.. really enjoying having this app option for my business. absolutely loving quickbooks intuit online!! really like it can upload photos of receipts. my only suggestion would be to allow photos to be upload to an itemized bill. thank you.
. i am sara. i am new to social media. i found it to be useful aka practical here.
. would be 5☆ if only they'd allow a workorder between estimate & invoice.
good apps. its a excelent, but in 1 mounth are problem to connect in sometimes!! for all is good!
. doesnt work on my google pixel 2 or pixel pad.
. expenses aren't quite as quick to enter as i'd hoped but way better than the alternative!
good if you use quickbooks for limited functions. lacks access to a lot of what exists in the full browser experience. particularly frustrating that not only can you not create a po, you cannot view them. other simple stuff missing or not quite matched up as far as fields being available for adding products, suppliers, customers etc. in light of them increasing their monthly subscription fees, hopefully some money is going to be spent bringing feature parity to their access tools.
like the format. good app
. better on desktop, was hard to use
. really frustrated, do not buy this app through google, once you setup you account through good you can not upgrade you account or transfer it to a regular subscription. so i'm just stuck with what i have....
. why can't i login
. great app, but not as functional as desktop version.
subscription ridiculous. this subscription crap is getting out of hand. what happened to the days when you could buy software and own it? as if quickbooks itself isn't expensive enough, and i would gladly pay once for a quickbooks android app, $125 a year is ridiculous. i don't need your cloud, i have a server of my own, why shove this crap down people's throats?
. love being able to work in quickbooks from my phone! one of the best features is being able to take a picture of your receipt and attach it to your expenses right from your phone. makes your bookkeeping incredibly easy! wonderful customer service, love the payroll, too many good things to say about this app.!
. makes life so much easier, i would recommend this to any entrepreneur.
. app works great for day to day accounting. however, the app does not allow for the use of price rules. you can set up price rules in the browser version, but they do not port over to the android app version. we use a tablet on the floor, and cabt use the app, have to login via chrome browser, which is slower than the app.
. used it for a while. but went back to desktop premier. for the constructionrenovation business it didn't support job costing, change orders or progress invoicing.
. it is a useful tool
ios 9. with the new os signatures on the iphone are no longer saved to invoices, instead the app just crashes. when people become dependent on specific features and then they stop working it leads to a lot of extra work. please fix this feature asap.
great product best small business app!. great product . continue to improve.
. this is a easy to use app and makes keeping track of finances easy
love this app!. this has solved my issue of remembering to create invoices after the service. so far i am loving this app :)
can’t use it in iphone or ipad! keep getting error.. i keep getting an error! queryprocessingerror:null
beautiful app, curious about next features.. the revamped qb online is really attractive. still people coming from the classic qb are missing features. qb uses a great system to allow customers to vote for features. the success of the online version will depend on how fast qb development will be able to produce the big wishlist of new features.
nothing but glitches on my ipad. really not worth it nothing but problems one operating on ipad
. i love quickbooks online. i've used quickbooks pro for years. am now retired but started a similar but now more relaxed field. i would give everything a 10 star if only you would put a time clock in the app. i would greatly appreciate that. would be so handy when i am on a mobile job.
great app. deffinetly brings organazion to our bookkeeping. love the update.
. great app for my small buisness. quickbooks is always improving. best customer service when you have questions.
email issue. when emailing invoicesestimates with other attachments the quickbooks attachment doesn't go through
not trustworthy. quickbooks has some issues with taking multiple accounts under the same email. i can not access my account because my email was used to open a second trial and i can not access my data any longer. choose better accounting software, overall. this app has no visible way to logout or troubleshoot.
avoid like the plague!. app doesn't work, says trial expired. customer support are unhelpful and have no idea when it will be fixed. we have a years worth of books on this and now we need to find new software  we've been in business for more than 26 years and have never known service like this. seriously, find another solution. this is not the software you are looking for.
ability to get paid, in my pocket. if all the quickbooks app allowed me to do was create and send invoices on the fly, i would pay for it. it is that and a lot more.
mr. doesn't work on ipad pro or iphone. it says my subscription has expired. i have had it for several years and it still works on macbook but on ios it thinks i am on a free trial until 13th april but still locks me out saying i need to update my subscription. it is useless to me if it won,t work on ipad because i photograph all my receipts into the app. will cancel subscription if it doesn't work soon.
works great for me!. this app is very convenient and easy to use. my business is not complex so it handles all of my needs quite nicely.
owner. this software has been the best ever. it has made my job so much easier and faster for billing.
. with the newest update cannot reliably attach receipts! although a long time user, will be unsubscribing soon if not corrected.
garbage!. they update the app and completely remove support for ios 8! i understand making a newer version only compatible with newer ios, but why block legacy users all together? it worked great on ios 8 before, now the same version of the app suddenly says i need to upgrade! i pay $30month for this garbage!?
. it makes creating estimates simpler. i used to fumble my way thru, now it's simple and fun!
app crashing ios13. app is crashing in io13
much room for improvement. lack of a solid search function along with slow load times make this an app that leaves a lot to be desired. even the online functionality can use improvement. still a decent system for a small business but hopefully they'll spend some time fixing the app soon.
great app. if you run a business this app is a no brainer. just like being on the computer.
. not nearly as useful as the desktop version very weak app. still needs tons of improvement
horrible accounting program. barely an accounting program. one would think qb would create an online version mirroring their desktop software. navigating the online software is a headache, let alone using it for basic accounting purposes. of course qb ever improving their software is as likely to happen as me winning the lottery.
great for invoicing out but that’s it. was hoping this was the answer to our accounting. it’s quick and easy to send invoices and take pics of your receipts but when it comes to inputting invoices you receive from your suppliers it’s a huge let down!! waste of time
. this app is only a trial version... i downloaded it because i thought it'd be free. talk about click bait!!! smh
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
great app!. wonderful app.
lacks expenses. one of the handiest things for me is logging an expense right when i buy it. can't do this as of now. (apparently this is a limitation of the canadian app)
small business asset. easy way to keep track off all those expenses, invoices, payments etc for a small business owner with little time to spend on administrative stuff.
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
. doesn't work properly
. this is a great app! makes billing expenses and invoicing so much easier!
very good. excellent app that syncs with qbo.
can't even open an account!. i live in spain and the app won't accept my mobile number. i even tried a uk number but even that doesn't work. thumbs down for not even letting international customers to use or even view the product.
glitches. app has lots of glitches. try to create an invoice and it was not working. quickbooks has been awesome up to this point. i run my whole business through quickbooks in this new update has been a disappointment. should've left it alone!
. very slow on mobile
really frustrating app. very frustrating app both on iphone and qbo. very glitchy and customer support is terrible. if the they didn't force you to use a subscriptionbased model, i'd use the installable version on quickbooks. i'm sure other have less problems, but it has not been a good experience for myself or my company.
new receipt feature not properly tested!. this new receipt photo feature is terrible. it captures about half the receipt every time! fix it, and test your changes before releasing them. a massive step back.
best choice for modern businesses. quickbooks online (qbo) could be a challenge for those resistant to change, or those not looking to grow their business. but for business owners hungry for dynamic, realtime financial data to both interpret and grow their businesses, qbo is key. the combination of qbo and integrated applications (tailored to your specific industry and workflow) aid in gaining efficiencies which eliminating redundancies, manual data entry and a few other timesaving and (human error) opportunities. highly recommended.
. statement option is not given in app.
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
great app!!. just switched from quicken, and i don't know why i waited so long. qb is very versatile and comprehensive.
. i can't use it on mi note 5 pro. giving error
". ""quickbooks online"" could stand to take a number of lessons from ""apple computers"" regards to customer support. anybody can tell you that making the transition from quickbooks desktop to quickbooks online is extremely difficult process. what makes it even more difficult is the poor level of customer support, starting with communication barriers. there is a whole sect of business professionals that are unwilling to make the transition because of the learning curve and poor customer service."
major flaw  can’t add receipts to expenses. no dropbox or photo option. they advertise this system as super easy and convenient. you can’t add receipts from photos or dropbox. that makes the ‘add attachment ‘ pretty much pointless. i take a picture of an expense receipt but 0 way of adding it ... seriously. who designed this app.???
great app for on the go bookkeeping. i really enjoy having mobile access to my books.
. so far the ability to track expenses has been extremely easy and seamless.
what happened?. this app used to work perfectly. after the last update i can't use it how i used too. if they do not fix it soon i am going to have to look into other options
. best app for keeping up with your expenses
. intuit sucks! scamming company ran by non english speaking reps. bought simple start 2007 for 125.00 with online access ,etc. in 2010 they ended all support for this software. that is shady. they promise you all these free services and then years later a foreigner informs you that all support has ended. to better serve there newer products. they suck.
update the update, please.. i love this app. i use it every day, but the new update (4.5, released yesterday) will not let me record payments or save new invoices. it forces me to cancel each time, which doesn't save any changes made. please fix asap.
. it's a very powerful program for small businesses. love the variability of online to where you can use any device to accomplish tasks
no back up provision.. i just want my books to work. can't upload anything. no way to make inquiries
. great app, really so much better than anything else, there are a few things i would like to improve my experience... hard to explain... but i'll try... when i assign expenses on my phone, i have to go on to a desktop to tick billable.... does that make sense?
". expensive, not user friendly, cannot send invoices from mobile app and support not able to solve the problem?????? update: the problem was being ""dealt with"" since 4 weeks before my rating. then a few more weeks later it mysteriously became resolved. now the announced g suite integration... where is it? i'm in the uk?"
not even close to online or desktop versions. at the cost of not wanting to hire a secretary my consultant had me switch to online version from desktop, it sucks! used to update q.b. desktop every 3 yrs (when forced to) for $150 and now pay around $400 a year for less function. the direct qb online site is better from my mobile device than the actual app. the options between app and website dont function the same. terrible!
can't login. every time i try to login it says that i don't have an online subscription.
. great app i love it
great app. love it. very intuitive!
. invoices do not show units sold the invoices total price only show the amount sold
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software.
. it is a cool app
. big time saver allows me too stay in the field, no need to make a trip to the office, no problems at all, love it.
does everything i need!. love it!
easy to use!. this app gives me the leverage i need to stay organized.
cancel my subscription. i want to cancel my subscription asap.
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app. with all the updates lately. why is it so hard to be able to create a statement from the app? not the biggest deal in the world but very inconvenient. so a lot of updates lately and still no way to create a statement from the app. this really is very frustrating.
quick booksamazing app..!. please mail to this id anuhari036@gmail.com excellent app to work...it's really very useful to me...can you please tell how to invoice? thank you quick books for this amazing app!! it's really very helpful..!
very useful. just as fluid as the full version on my pc. easy to use, and can generate invoices quickly..
very handy  will stop the boss bugging me!. good app for the boss to have. super easy to check on customers invoices overdue etc. would like to see timesheet daily activity integration please  perhaps with a contollable daily multiple nag me to enter times feature? with timesheet integration i could roll this out to other staff :) cheers!
quickbooks. does exactly what on tin. takes fair bit to set up but boy its worth it
bad update. can no longer accept credit card payments. keep getting error code 6000. tech support advised this is a known issue but no eta on fix. please revert back to previous version.
rnm media and sound. it’s a great app and system. lovely to use and easy to get around. they must just add online reception and receiving of payments. this will make business much much easier.
very effective. i’ve used very expensive accounting software but quickbooks offers just as much as many do at a fraction of the price.
broken. the last update broke the app. various error messages. can’t safe expenses anymore. errors include asking to chose a template before saving expenses etc. bad woek
awesome business app. real time saver with awesome easy features that makes book keeping a breeze.
. does not work in india. restarts the phone . takes too long to uninstall
great app for managing every business finance needs. i love most of the features available, really great app and ecosystem. this is truly what every startup and business owners should have to manage their business finance. on the cloud and available to use at any time.
. awesome app
great program. great program and its user friendly too.
. great accounting capabilities for small and medium enterprises, compatible across all my devices. taxation is resolved quickly, no stress and most definitely no complains
love it. i've used many online accounting platforms and this is far the best. the app is amazing.
. best app accounting for small and medium business
great mobile execution. this is a great extension of qb online and includes the same userfriendly interface. it makes sending invoices on the go a breeze. love it!
. disappointed!!!! what i need is the ability to download and accept new banking transactions, while on the go. having that ability would allow me to spend only a few minutes everyday updating my books, versus having to sit down at a computer to do this. please add this functionality to the android version of qbo. i can do it on the mint app, but not qbo for android : (
i am discussed with your country list. you have palestine listed. it is not even a country. israel is where i live. i will be blasting this all over the web and deleting this app from my phone. thank you for your reply but again, palestine does not exist. it hasn't since 1948
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
. great business app
. easier then i thought and there's always someone to help. highly recommend for your start up, or for new business owners like myself. 👍👍
not great. there are multiple problems wrong with this program. you can't bill a customer when you attach a receipt which means i constantly have to switch between devices. my expenses according to the customer are incorrect. i'd like to see my estimateinvoice minus my expenses per job. the only reason i switched to this program from freshbooks, which is way less expensive and more user friendly is because quickbooks has a balance sheet, which our accountant required.
good app. no complains
great product. been using qb for 10+ years. moved into the online qb and have been more than pleased. other than the occasional tweak, it's been helpful and easy to use. support is fantastic as well. and,,,,,, they speak english! yeah! thanks qb!. awesome
. useless. android app does not support in india
better than xero. brilliant app. seamless to use. all of my clients now use it!
got worse after the update. it shows the information of last week, it doesn't update
can't login. worked fine, but now asking me to login and then keeps saying there's been an error. please fix!
logo input. is there an advanced function to insert company logo in the paid version . if yes i will consider subscribing
. great app. for business on the go. love doing invoices com my smart phone.
excellent. the app is a great supplement to the online version when i'm on the road. i easily make customer invoices, add expenses that i have purchased. nothing is lost or forgotten. great way to keep everything up to date
so much effort!!. downloaded this to try and make my life easier but setting it up is so much hassle!! can't add my bank account for some reason though i believe i'm typing the right details in  zero replies to my emails for help and whenever i've called for help i end up speaking to someone who obviously has no clue about the app for 30 mins  why is it so difficult?! don't bother.
unable to sync. all i get is errors about syncing. different phones. same problem. works great in my ipad, though!
app does not open. after the latest update, the app does not open. it has been a real inconvenience.
. ok app email invoice doesn't work version 3.8 been unable to send invoices via email for over a week now.
. everything is simple and easy to use
great app. just started to use. easy to navigate. have had no issues.
. sending invoices from my phone is super easy and i love it.
". i like it better then sage. seems easy enough for what i am looking for. yes it is ""online"" so you need internet connection but it makes for seemless connection between phone and computer. had a few questions and support was great and got back to me same day both times."
. when it works, its great. don't count on it when the internet is even remotely slow. i had to resort to another sales app to complete sales. lost sales and it cost me more money to use the other sales app.
business handled from my phone. works well, update is even better. can create invoices, print, email, track and reconcile business spending. shows if invoices have been sent ( when emailing) as well as read. would give 5 stars if i were able to record bank deposits with this app. currently customer payments remain in undeposited funds until i log in to the desktop site. also wish i could save time by printing batch invoices. overall very useful, easy way to handle business on the go.
. quickbooks has made it much easier to run my small business and create invoices on the go!
. it's a great app
great invoicing app. works great for invoicing needs.
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
great app. great app
latest update is garbage. app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
. love the program
no pos. doesn't allow you to create pos. takes out functionality available on the full online version.
functions missing. works well enough but when receiving payments it doesn't allow you to pick the bank account. frequent problems with it locking up as well
best app for small businesses. i own and operate a small it consulting company and this is the best business management app in the world. i can literally walk into an office or home of a new customer, add their information and invoice them on the spot. no need to mail an invoice and wait days or weeks. not to mention its very inexpensive.
. after eading all the problems and seeing 90% of the reviews being 1 star im going to save a headache on this scam app should be taken off the market or sued for false advertising and costing people thousands of dollars. all the responses from support sound like they are prewritten for the complaints. please take app off the market and quit ruing the admin side of peoples hard work to start a business.
very nice app. very easy to use and make my all estimates and invoices very smooth and keep the updates very soon
. this app is good and easy to use.
employees. was charge $30 for three months for payroll, which i was not using. called the payroll department and they took care of me: refunded the cash into my account without question.
security update  unable to sign in. since the security update for sign in features i'm unable to sign into my account using the app.. defeats the purpose of having it aug 23, 2016  just redownloaded the app and have full access once again. oct 20, 2016  unable to select cash, check or credit account to pay an expense.
. crashes every time. hasn't opened successfully once. tried reinstalling and restarting tablet.
desktop to online user. qb desktop user who switched to qbo. really like the ability to use on all my computers and ios devices. just wish it would have easier reports to make and use. no time sheets feature in ios, tsheets by quickbooks fills that void.
crashes on opening. restating tablet did not help. uninstallinv and reinstalling did not help. disappointed. update... per instructions, emailed the person listed below. no reply. not the way to act if you want me to increase my rating.
terrible to customers. your website deleted my account, which i spent hours putting together, and had every intention of subscribing and paying for this service, and then when i spoke with customer service to see what happened, i was told to call two other numbers for the same service, then placed on hold by the final number for 510 minutes, and was hung up on. they had my number and never called me back. horrible service to your customers. i will pursue a different company.
general manager. garbage company
. very easy and convenient!
. ok. new version is better, but still lacks supplier feature. good for easy transaction...have to use web for more complicated stuff. good app! no complaints other that it obviously ment for the simpler side of the accounting management equation. good design, have high hopes for more features in the future.
owner. grate easy to use set up and keep track of spending and overdue invoices
disappointing update. was able to do deposit on the go with earlier version. please fix.
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
mario osorio painting and a&t housecleaning. love this program very friendly and very easy to understand for my self and my bookkeeper.
. it's a great app but needs to simplify some processes.
. very easy to use on a mobile. means i can invoice on the go
great. this app helps my small business tremendously. very easy to navigate, enter and retrieve data. very affordable.
. this app not work in my phone .i am opening this the screen is black.i am purchased 1 year subscription in last two days back.
. great app for seeing your accounts and any overdue payments. i only use for reference because i put all my input on the quick books on the computer
🎼love it!!!🎉. we have a construction company, quick books online is a dream come true for us. we can present a client with a proposal at the time of the estimate, get a signature, a deposit, get the job started right away. thank you quick books. 🤓
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
. always having an error notice when signing in
wht and whvat accounting. great software, but requires improvement to include withholding tax accounting
it gets even easier. i was horrified when i heard tax going digital but quickly got the hang of quick books and amazed it even tries to match things . brilliant
love it. i'm no doing anything super sophisticated but i love the app. easy to use to keep invoices and expenses current on the go!
editing chart of accounts. i love everything except for when i'm editing my chart of accounts. when i go back to upload pics of receipts, fix categories and dates the phone app on iphone crashes. it's been doing it for several months. i have passed on the information, updated my phone, updated the app to no avail. very frustrating as it's an integral part of accounting for my small business.
great companion app to the main qbo. i like this app a lot. it really helps run my business and to continually update my main desktop app.
awesome. streamlines my entire business, saves me tons of time, lets me take credit cards, and best of allows me to bill on the spot.
did update have had issues ever since. cannot download all of he files needed keep getting error code 10000. no resolution
best accounting software i've tried. this has got to be the most intuitive feature rich reasonably priced cloud computing package for small business i've ever seen. waaay better than myob, such a great little app.
kerry pabian. are you kidding me !!! app is crashing on my ipad since the update ! why do you always do updates right before its time to do billing ?
a good start. i have 19 overdue invoices and quickbooks sent me 19 alerts about it, telling me i have 19 overdue invoices, all at the same time. how about sending 1 alert only?
updates that don’t install. first of all got up to install and it won’t
love itrepeat user. i love quickbooks because of the ease of getting things done in accounting. i am by no means an accountant but this does everything for me and i just hand it to my accountant at the end of the year which makes it so easy.
. does not work in india
easy. real good, compatible with my metro phone.
. a great app that accomplishes pretty much what one may expect. some minor limitations compared to the full online's layout, but still very handy and easy to use.
slow to update. pretty useless app.
thumbs up for the business help!!!. take the time to go through the orioles and this is an amazing app to help with any small business!!!
omg. if you don't have it you are missing out. this is the easiest and most helpful app ever.
it just made my business easy. thanks qb and my brother mohit. a very good app for every startup and and firm.
excellent product. great for sending estimates and invoices on the go. everything i need to see right at my fingertips and very user friendly.
. excellent accounting software for my small business. keep up the good work.
great app. great integration. very easy
. very slow to load and often locks up.
president. simple to use and effective in support of operational accounting.
waiting for updates. quite frankly, it's been totally useless. the app does not sync new data entries with the online database. i've already spent well over three hours with multiple customer support reps. the idea of creating invoices is great....only problem....it does not work!!!
great app. overall its a great app. you can do many things from the app that you can do on the desktop version. i would like to be able to enter the worked hours on the app and also to be able register vendor invoices not only expenses.
good app and makes life easier. it's a easy app to use and simple to navigate.
great app!!. i love it! this program has totally transformed our family business!!
. great small business app for on the go!! love it!
. great app but have had issues with mileage tracking freezing up while i am categorizing. it then kicks me out.
. won't update data. data is 137 days old and counting. refreshes don't help and uninstallingreinstalling is a waste of time. thanks for nothing.
. really easy to use
quick books. love this app. very easy to use!
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
. the app makes use in the field easy.
very good app. :)
. good app
. i'm not sure about the functionality of this app, i was unwilling to continue trying to learn it because of a particularly bad customer service experience. i caught the guy speaking with me in a blatant lie while he was trying to charge me a large amount of money for a problem he couldn't explain.
garbage. doesn't log in. rubbish. unimpressed
. love this app.so simple to use. saves you so much time with your paperwork keep up the great work guys😀😀
. can't connect my bank account. please fix this error. i have to manually put my expenses in the app because when i try connecting my bank account i always get a pop up saying an error occurred.
easy to use. this app is so quick and easy. my business is on the go all of the time and it makes estimates and invoicing so quick and easy.
. everytime i try to log in i get an error! i've restarted and uninstalled and it still won't work
quickbooks lies again. this app does not track mileage as advertised
". error message that cannot be fix ""cannot add this invoice, if error continues, please contact support"" that cannot be fix from quickbooks my android app been like this close to 1 month cannot create invoices estimates so on my business suffer cause of that, have use regular computer to create what was said. not good for business all subscriptions are active."
crashing. 4.0+ crashes on startup on cm13. however 3.9 works fine.
. seriously? this is the best you can do? ! so limited on basic functions. *updated review nice try quickbooks on the reply...no, your laughable update is ridiculous! not to mention the mobile device website lockout to access via mobile browser.... taking away another star for bad public relations. welcome to 1996 if you try to rely on this app for your 2014 business.
". refreshing bank transactions doesn't work. after refresh and upade still say "" ! error 22 days ago"". causes double entry after entering expenses manually by no refreshing and posting them. doesn't refresh bank data."
never disappointed. best accounting software available!
. very easy to enter receipts. very easy to keep track of expenses. super easy to do quotes for contracting once all of your inventory is loaded.
excellent app. i used to use invoice2go and since moving to quick books online it makes everything so much easier i can sync to my bank accounts and this itself is saving me time reconciling is a breeze now.
. nice to use on the go, however does not always organize invoices in order of customer despite having it on that setting
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
. better and easier to control. good job and well done to your team. keep up the good work!
disappointing. i've been a longtime user of the desktop version of quickbooks for the past 20 years and just recently switched to quickbooks online. i was really looking forward to managing my company's expenses, print checks, and enter bills from my new ipad. i am terribly disappointed in the complete lack of features available in this app. it's actually completely useless and a waste of memory. how could intuit release such a piece of garbage such as this?
. the app is great when it works! it took 3 times of deleting and reinstalling to get it to work again. but its working perfctly again.
. great app works and does what is needed to run your business away from you computer
featureless. i was a long time quickbooks pro desktop application user and switched to the online version this year. i'm disappointed by the snails pace of the development on this app. payroll is nonexistent and is not even on their radar. i think this could be a good app in the future but right now it is the bare minimum. (edited: the reply below is not available in canada)
. useful on the move financial management.
great. amazing app but whoever did that last update screw it all up. can save estimate or invoices. horrible. i hope they refund at least a month of fees because i'm loosing money having to do all my estimatesinvoices at my house instead. needs to be fixed asap.
pretty useless. very slow and painful to use, doesn’t let you bank any payments etc. probably only useful for those who wish to produce very basic invoices
nothing works for me. nothing works for me with this app. if i login using desktop, qbo is ok but when i use the app, there is no information; no clients, no invoices, nothing. the subscription says i have a free trial until 2037. phone support was unsuccessful.
highly recommended!!. as a self employed tradesman, i was finding myself spending countless hours quoting & invoicing! this app has made running my business much smoother and given me free time on evenings (which is rare). admittedly it was pretty tricky to setup but the support helpline (both telephone & email) were fantastic at helping out. already recommended to other friends in the trade 👍
great so far!. i am really glad we went with quickbooks online, as i love this app! being able to pull up any and all financial information as well as build and email estimates and invoices on the go is crucial to our business! thank you intuit!
great and makes things easier. the best thing about quick books is that they have unlimited live customer service to help guide and assist you. that's a real plus to me.
new to business and this is great. i have now completed my second year running my business and without a doubt i owe some of my success to quickbooks as i don't have an admin person it helps me manage things also creates the professional image i need. i prefer using the web platform but when i am on the go and making small purchases for clients i love to add the expenses to their invoice on my phone before i forget!
yeah. works great, limited on mobile app!
incredible. totally simplified my accounting.. i switched from sage to qbo and have not looked back. easy to setup and learn. can send invoices from my phone in seconds. i recommend it to everyone i know!!
. this is not mobile supportive app in india
. where is the bank balance? so confusing to use.
great app. great app
amazing product. great product for a small company. combining quickbooks online with the phone app is a great tool. being able to look up customers, create invoices, email invoices anywhere you want. i am also excited to be able to pair qb online payment with this also. all in all it's a great product for a great price so many things you can do with it.
a pretty good app. update: they added deposits! it does everything i need now, upgrading to 5 star! all in all, this is a pretty great app. it does just about everything i need it to while on the go, but it is missing one key piece of functionality. it does not allow the recording of deposits and that is really important for me. other than that it functions flawlessly and has never given me any trouble. overall, i love it!
great app, continues to get better. best decision i ever made for my business was moving to qb online. saves a ton of time being able to conduct business on the fly.
easy to use.. easy to use. also like customer options to pay after sending invoice.
complement to quickbooks online. this app is a complement to quickbooks online. this apple really work good for making estimates sending invoices and much more. i wish gopayment and quickbooks online were integrated or as one. other than that, great app.
. made my job very easier. thanks
good but needs more. i love this app and use it every day  it has taken me from doing my accounts once a year and being ridiculously late with invoicing, to on the spot invoicing and totally up to date with everything ... except receiving payments
zero stars 10.3 is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
easy to use. keeps me on top of my expenses every day. should have started using it months ago!
. still trying to figure out if i want to use this program, but i like what i have used so far
very weak. i have been a quickbooks user for years but the app is just weak. employee transactions are not possible and reports are minimal. i consider these critical aspects of good accounting software and they almost do not exist in the app. i don’t need an app to write an invoice or figure out that someone owes me money. however, keeping track of my reporting to the government and paying employees is critical and these do not exist in the app.
absolutely terrible!!!!!. this app is garbage. funny that intuit is in their name because there is nothing intuitive about anything in this app at all. complete waste of time!!! complete garbage. just trying to set up the basic information about accounts that i use and tailor the app to my needs was excruciating. i can’t say enough about how bad this is!!!!!!
great app!. this app saves me so much time! it lets me run my business much more efficiently! wouldn't be quite as successful without it. it also has very professional invoices and estimates
. this app helps me out alot i really like it.
terrible. this app has so many problems. it will freeze up and the only way to fix it is to delete he app and download it again. i wii ok old not recommend.
good app. no complains
. since the most recent update i cannot see my dashboard or add expenses to my company. fix it. done all diagnostic steps so this update is invalid. galaxy s10+ here
kinda cumbersome. this app isn't very intuitive and there are a lot of free apps that do the same thing.
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
amazing in app and on line. the perfect accounting platform. easy to use, fast and simple.
qbo mobile  love it!. i love having my books at my fingure tips. i can create invoices, record payments on the spot, and get a pedicure all at once! love it!
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
almost better than the web version. i cannot always get to a computer to do my billing are receiving, that is not an issue with this app on my phone.
poor app not intuitive. some features are good, but (and it is a big but), the desktop app does not work, the web app is poor and the iphone app almost forces you to make errors, which you can't seem to undo. this is a waste of money. if the app were more intuitive and flexible then you'd have a winner. for now you won't be putting accountants or spreadsheets of business.
awesome service & tool. worth spending time and effort to set it up once. makes accounting really simple and reports provide valuable insights.
. quickbooks notified me of this update at 1am. not nice.
handy app for small businesses. *****
app doesn’t get updated with the website!. this is most ridiculous app! it doesn’t get updated with the website! they charge you $40.00 per month with no resolution in the near future.
. terrible service. automated systems will keep hitting your bank account causing all kinds of problems. be ware giving them access to your bank info
. very easy and convenient
. great app. makes quoting and billing a breeze.
great softwsre. multiple devices awesome
. updated app and its crashed. keeps telling me an update is available, click ok and google play just says open ?? i've literally just bought a subscription and already in the bit of free time i have, i cant even set the app up ??
. it would be nice if the app was translated in many languages...
. anyone please answer, how can i open a quick book file through this app which i was created by my laptop
. would be even more great if you could send your invoice with whattsapp
. easy and quick to use for estimates, invoices , receipts and keep track of expenses and income
great app!. ah
drafting estimates. when drafting estimates, system should auto save as many times hours of work is erased if you don’t constantly save before stepping away. in addition when you click the description box there should be an undo button in case it grabs all the text and it gets erased by pressing any button in accident. two very simple and logical things.
paid app. app costs 8.99 a month
poor update. unfortunately this latest update has a bug which believes i am on a free trial which has expired. i can still log in to the system on the internet but the ios versions do not work on ipad or iphone for me now. in addition, an option to receive funds in to another account other than the main current account would be a great feature to implement on ios which is sadly lacking at the moment.
there are other options .... not with the $35 dollars they take in addition to % of every transaction. i would suggest another program and app. i personally would like the app to be able to send reminders for invoices but the app will only send them out.
. great app
makes handling my business easier.. enjoy the invoice and payment features and reports, plus the app. makes my life much easier.
ok but.... qb is ok. major flaw however when trying to look at a customer's order history. the list of invoices does not show the memo so you can tell what item the invoice is for. this is a serious problem.
bad service. very bad service customer support team is bad zero star........
not good for my use. i would like to have a setting to hide all account information so i can have employees out with ipads giving estimates or quotes. this is for personal business. good for that but forget trying to take pictures of receipts to write expenses.. takes longer than scanning them on my pc
love it. best accounting cloud software there is at the moment and we’ve tried them all. couldn’t recommend enough to other accountants or clients
. app will not connect. says experiencing technical difficulties. this has been happening for a week.
. do not use the cc service. they will hold your money for a week and charge you a service charge a week before you receive your money. horrible service.
absolutely terrible!!!!!. this app is garbage. funny that intuit is in their name because there is nothing intuitive about anything in this app at all. complete waste of time!!! complete garbage. just trying to set up the basic information about accounts that i use and tailor the app to my needs was excruciating. i can’t say enough about how bad this is!!!!!!
awesome cloud computing. this is great! i’ll never have to worry about whether or not i have a valid backup of my company data (as i did on the desktop version). my data is safely in the cloud and accessible to me from any device with internet access that i choose! tracking of income and expense easy here through the mobile app with access to reconciliation on the full web version. easy to use!
. good apart from the top of the dashboard on the home page being greyed out.
. best app for business.
amazing app!. very good app! helps you learn a lot about coding!
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app please fix asap
contractor. amazing product for having customers and businesses on point and updated on the spot
. simple and convenient
. i already had installed an intuit app tried to sign up with my email said i already had an account my password no longer works to confusing for now to try and log in verfication codes sent
qb online. very very good in all aspects of accounting. from home office or mobile app. you can do it all!
easy, fast, convenient. love using this app! it is really easy to navigate and lets me do everything i need to very quickly. always in sync no matter which device i'm on.
. incredibly hard to unsubscribe, i have been paying for this app and do not need it after 2 years. i still cannot find the unsubscribe part on google play and have followed the useless instructions to do so. not happy.
not accurate, crashes often. this app goes from being usable to worthless on a whim. it also does not show simple things like how many $ in open invoices, (right now it says we have $488 in total receivables, when we have way more). the desktop app is fine, the ios app needs a ton of work.
quickbooks app. great, convenience of creating, editing and sending invoices and adding customers, payments or expenses
the convenience of this service is worth every penny. without this app, i would often forget to log in after a job and record my time on an invoice. now, i can record billable time, field notes and expenses as i perform them, and email the bill to my customer upon my departure. the only thing i would like to see added is a way to record mileage as miles.
simple, quick, the best!. simple, quick, the best!
. i have updated my review. quickbooks has made some great changes and improvements. they still have a few to go. but definitely on the right track. i have also had to contact customer service and they were super helpful. thank you quickbooks you have changed my mind and made this a great app. definitely recommend!!!!
. i am a quckbooks junky, but i have to agree with the comments. this app needs to link to quickbooks. it is useless. i love everything else qb does. i've used them for over 11 years. i really can't praise this company enough. super excited about the app for integrating affinity live!!!! just synced it.
". crashes too much. many times new customers and info can't be seen on the app, unless i uninstall and reinstall!!! i get a ""unable to refresh"" message constantly. it's extremely hard to enter new customers and revise existing ones from the app."
excellent app. i used to use invoice2go and since moving to quick books online it makes everything so much easier i can sync to my bank accounts and this itself is saving me time reconciling is a breeze now.
app times out occasionally during entry. app times out occasionally while i’m using it. when that happens it deletes the transaction i was working with.
owner light it up. cannot login iphone 6s qb update will not download properly can't get into customer information what the cuss😡😡
love it!. qb is stunningly simple yet superbly sufficient to handle our business needs for invoicing clients, reporting ar and preparing us for yearend taxes. the mobil app is equally impressive!
i need to actually work!. this would be an awesome app if i could do more than just send estimates and invoices. there are other tasks that need to be done and it would be really helpful if you could do everything that you can do online.
". apps for ordering pizza are more useful. a company like intuit putting out an app with such limited features is unexcusable. fan of qb online, this ""app"" is a waste of space."
. love it, very easy to use. excellent customer service
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
quickbooks mobile app. i love the flexibility this app offers. it's a huge step and my personal goal to become paperless while giving me the ability to bill on site.
signature box not wroking. when client tries to sign in box on a credit card transaction with a apple pencil or with finger the box moves around. no signature is captured.
life changer. doing what i need it to do
great software & online support. quickbooks support is great
. not sure why i pay $16 a month for this app when it only works 60% of the time. please get the bugs worked out or i will have find another company to run my business with. cant access my account on tablet, cant save invoice or estimate on s8. please fix.
great app. great app quick and easy to make estimates and invoices. would like for there to be more customization such as adding business information to show on them rather than just email address however overall is a great app very happy with it.
. sucks. can't create invoices easily. much like quick books online it has become to complicated....after years of both i'mm switching
. no problems. real time bookkeeping
excellent interface and convenient app. this app is a life saver and helps me run my small business affairs smoothly. i can submit my invoices and estimates on the go with ease. definitely a must app to have.
. invoices can't add cost except discounts to my invoices using my s4 phone.
. i've downloaded this app, uninstalled it, and reinstalled it and it will not allow me to create an account. it continually signs me out and i have to reenter all my information. i'm giving up!
. i cant even login. the apps crush everytime i am trying to login!!
j'adore. accès directement aux comptes bancaires. me fais sauvez énormément d'argent.
excellent!. this is a fab piece of software for both selfemployed and accountants to sync all your activity in one place.
. cant even login. keeps telling me to restart app amd try again
. great app, similar to desktop version.
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money and it's also good for on site reference
. thanks i love this app i'm able to carry my work with me everywhere thanks qb
this app is great for on the go but still needs a few things to be fixed like when i mail the invoices or estimates to my customers they always have trouble recieving them..
horrible. please update this app so it stops crashing during every use!!! also, critical updates every time you try and do anything???? getting old and frustrating. fix it!!!!! also, why when you update a transaction, it saves it from before the update, so you are doing the work twice???
". update 101619: still useless as constant login issues persist, why use the app if i constantly have to uninstallreinstall + clear cachedata. constantly unable to use app  login, keep getting ""temporarily unavailable"" !!!"
“updates”. every time i go to do something the app says it has to log me out to run updates. getting sick of typing my password constantly. (literally 100% of the time i try and use the app.) pretty much just use the website these days.
. some things are difficult to use and set up but all in all a good app.
won't sign in, incorrect subscription error.. like the title says, can't login tells me my subscription may have expired. i can log in through website easily.
. great app
really good app. perfect for a small business takes a bit of learning works well when done
no payroll. subscribed to payroll using desktop at the office, tried to access using iphone app on the field but could not find it. waste of money!
. convenient, but sometimes it freezes.
makes it easy. so glad i decided to go with quickbooks, update daily to keep track of expenses and sales. fantastic for my business.
down graded. from april this app is unusable. i down graded to qb online. it appears it was released about a year too soon. nothing but frustration from day one. the ipad and iphone is useless.
. great app! i do wish the pricing was lower
fantastic!. i love this app. it works really well, and makes it easy for me to stay ontop of invoicing my customers.
love it. it is a great app
. i'm having trouble getting this app to download to my tablet everytime i try it tells me its already downloaded but to my phone? can i only download on one device? thanks nell
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent. update, it's been 5 days and i'm still locked out of my account after payment was made. quickbooks has offered to transfer payment method directly to them. google play informed me that quickbooks refuses to refund my subscription, while quickbooks denies that that is the case. fyi been a quickbooks user for 3 years now, and never had an issue, til now."
keeps me on track. i'm so happy with qb. makes estimates, invoices and takes payment. that's what's most important to me. haven't used it to pay my bills yet. i'll explore it later. wish i could set alarms to do estimate followup. would be so helpful
. make sure you know what services they provide, as customer support likely knows less than you do.
michael. great for my business nice to alter estimates and convert to invoice on the job, why do you need acsess to phone and gps
. quickbooks is an easy way to estimate invoice and send them to customers i enjoy this app very much
makes books much easier to keep updated. this is a powerful combination of mobile, camera, and bookkeeping. much easier than relying on the desktop.
not working. app will not open on iphone 6 plus
great app. really like this app but switching from iphone to an android device i miss the expense option in the app. for the iphone you could input an expense on the app with the android you can not. i would like to see that added for the android app.
qbo app. useless app, does not present a desirable layout compared to the the online version, in the banking area, to the bank register. somewhat comparable to using another account program.
great app!. our company switched from quickbooks desktop to the online version which came with the option to download the app. we now use the app more than online. we handle estimates, invoices, payments, banking and more directly in the app and on the go. the app has a simple and clean look making it easy to navigate. to date we haven't had any issues with it. we are excited to finally be able to get things done in less time!
. makes sending and tracking invoices simple.
how did i run my business without it?. i do half my estimates and invoices on the go with this app. saves me so much time!
brilliant. brilliant app. so happy that i've migrated over to quick books.
. keeping on top of expenses and invoicing is easy with quickbooks online.
avoid merchant service. avoid at all cost the merchant services. they preapprove you and then hold on your money for a month before forcing you to refund each transaction you processed with them. i had to call 6 times 1 hour each time and it is still not fixed. they are still holding the funds and it’s been more than a full month. terrible customer service.
. use this app in desperate situations. features are limited. i cannot record deposits via this app.
quick books. your small business fiance organization and report app.do all your small business tasks from here.
. you did an update on friday afternoon while i need to use the program. now i can't access the program because i need to do an update that o cant do because of a glitch in the update
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
. really help full
small business owner. this app is perfect! 100% of what i need all the time!
crashes. a lot.. new upgrade crashes. a lot. allowed me on just long enough to click 'leave a review'. then crashed. again.
. simple to use and powerful tool
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
incredibly glitchy. the app is glitchy despite updates. i’m not super impressed by intuit in general. i use their payroll for my business, a lot of glitches there too. app crashes or spontaneously exits my selections to “accept” for no reason and i have to start over. does not learn well, i have to reteach things over and over.
. nice app would like the maps feature that uses location points like in the ios version.
. great app very useful
pretty good. limited invoice customisation is annoying but otherwise pretty good. app works great.
. can not login
so glitchy!! 😡. quickbooks has the potential to be great. but this app is so, so glitchy! have constant problems with it and i'm really getting to the point of giving up and going back to sage. every time a problem is sorted, a new one pops straight back up. if they could employ some decent tech guys and get things working properly, this would be brilliant.
. disappointed...like horribly disappointed! this was supposed to make my life easier but instead i lost multiple hours either trying to figure the desktop version out to then trying the app and the tax rate were getting doubled...while chatting with help desk to be told that it would get fix a week after still didn't fix. uninstalled to try to start fresh to realize the price had gone up! chatted again with customer service to be told someone would contact me within 2 hours...still waiting!
. app keeps closing even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data.
finally. i can’t believe it has taken me this long to become this organized with in my business. being able to scan my receipt and toss it in the trash feels amazing. no more consuls full of old receipts.
not bad. pretty nice app. went from desktop manufacturing to quickbooks online. i like having access to my books while at craft fairs and being able to use different devices. still needs some work  it's been weeks and my gopayment account is still not linked and now find out the online doesn't acceptrecognize the chip reader. square app is more robust and may use that instead. also would be helpful to have a mileage tracker.
best app i've used!. i started my small business with quickbooks and i was able todo everything in one application! from sale receipts, expenses, lodging gst and more. i would highly recommend quickbooks to all business owners
qb. completely unusable since 6th september update. crashes all the time on latest ios please fix this.
awsome. easy to use just take the time to set it up best software for small business
qbo online (android). overall an effective and efficient application; and the price was a little cheaper through google play then through intuit online. the only function i wish was there is the mileage tracking, as it is in the qb self employed.
. disappointed...like horribly disappointed! this was supposed to make my life easier but instead i lost multiple hours either trying to figure the desktop version out to then trying the app and the tax rate were getting doubled...while chatting with help desk to be told that it would get fix a week after still didn't fix. uninstalled to try to start fresh to realize the price had gone up! chatted again with customer service to be told someone would contact me within 2 hours...still waiting!
. won't let me unsubscribe to the app so stuck paying a monthly subscription for a service i don't use. there's better completely free apps out there.
not what i would have expected!. had the 2010 desk top version and upgraded so the bookkeeper and i could use it at the same time. just disappointed...but trying to be open and learn it better.
. always crashes, is temporarily unavailable or can't sync banking transactions
. makes billing simple on the road
why???. for the love of gawd, why can i not add a delayed charge on the mobile app?????? this is something you actually want to do when you're at a client, not get them to sign for an invoice every time you visit them during the month.
need customer signature. please provide customer signature for android like you guys did for ipad...
. brilliant software
its coming along well. this program is coming along well and expecting some big things
excellent. i love this app. best ever
jan 2019 update is a fail. i’m a daily  hourly user. the january 2019 update won’t keep me logged in. after about 90 seconds i get an error message and get logged out.
. great app i pretty much run my company from my phone.
great app. i love working with quickbooks i can take it with me anywhere i go and makes everything with my business that much easier. i have used other apps that were good but they didn't tie everything together like quickbooks. i highly recommend it.
slow, expensive and with poor support. i have been using quckbooks for a year now. it's terribly slow on here and also on the pc, the support is dire, and mostly just does not respond. the only thing that happens quickly in this app is the removal of service if you fail to pay your subscription. avoid! now i'm looking for an alternative that i can migrate my business info etc to without too much fuss.
program not working. i pay itunes for subscription. i pay directly to them and my program is not accessible to me because it says is expired. i make a case with them 1 mouth ago. create another case 2 days ago. and still i am not able to use the program. payed buy me 2 times (direct to them and itunes). do not use this program you will regret like me.
. very handy app for invoicing on the go
. great app. getting better all the time too
awesome i just need to learn to use it. its awesome i love it but im new to it so i have a little bit of trouble using some of the features but im sure i will get the hang of it with time n experience
. quickbooks online has been great, downloaded this app to make life quicker when not in the office. however, for expenses i have found it unusable as the same payment methods i am using online are not available on the app and therefore it messes up the consistency of my transactions. very disappointed as had high hopes, have yet to test the differences whilst invoicing.
. user friendly
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
still does not allow entering employee time. the ability to enter employee time is a must for professionals that are on the road all day. other services like freshbooks already have this ability. until intuit makes this very important addition to the mould app, it does not deserve 5 stars!
crashes!!!!. don't update!!! latest update crashes app on opening data download!!! why don't these geeks test these updates before posting!!!!
. easy tp learn and use
best business app. very quick, no bugs or errors. love it!!!
google signin never works. i have tried and tried to get into the quickbooks app using the google signin. i get it to work maybe 1 out of every 50 times i try to login. i don't know why they haven't fixed this issue yet. i always end up logging in on my mobile browser instead. fail
". downloaded the app to be able to view estimates and invoices from phone while i'm away from my computer and someone calls wanting to know ""how much did we have in this job or that job"" well, the app is prettt useless when you have hundreds of estimates out and you're trying to find a particular one , but there is no ""search"" tool to look for what you're trying to find."
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
inventory tracking. terrific cloud software, main focus being inventory management from the web, except how do i track and edit inventory with the app version?
intuit keeps working it but stumbles on occasion. i've been a qbo user for over 4 years now and run my whole oneman business on it. each app version is a bit better than the last and they do fix bugs when notified. i continue to be happy to see intuit continue to improve the app and the web interface. the blanking of bank account data in the dashboard appears to be fixed in v5.3.
perfect for small businesses too. all the tools needed plus user help forums, makes book keeping and accounting so simple.
. good app i enjoy this app but i do wish that it had the employee section. you can not clock hours for an employee.
handy. easy to use and makes logging expenses a breeze
wow!. such an easy app to use as a new business owner and entrepreneur this really helps keep track of tax purposes and client sales!
. now, can't even access some of my clients from the app. i have sent the error logs several times to intuit, but no response. it keeps getting worse. lacking the fingerprint option to login. also, accepting transactions from bank feed in android not as smooth as it is in iphone. app starts freezing after accepting a few transactions. additionally, progressive invoicing does not work in the app. should make it more useful for accountants though, adding bank reconciliations capability would help.
. the invoice creation option is incredibly useful
love it!. quick books merging your gmail contacts and being able to add and subtract expenses lays your invoices out really well and makes everything so easy! clients get all the information this way and it leaves them without surprises. because of the convenience it forces me and reminds me to enter all the information that i would otherwise forget to include.
1 step forward  2 steps back. for the most part, the app functions correctly after finally resolving the issues with accepting credit cards. now, it wants to download the company information each morning. it is doing it on all the devices and accounts that our company uses. it's very frustrating when we need to quickly pull up a customers information only to be forced to wait for it to redownload all the info. hurry up and wait
. idk but its very useful...
. this app is making my life life much easier!
not bad. convenient app. not as functional as quickbooks online, but it adds to its subscription's value.
. very easy to maintain my account
. super easy to use. simple and efficient. perfect small a smallside business.
keeps everything in one place. great app! i keep all my business and personal expenses logged and in place from my phone. i can also track multiple companies. gives me so much piece of mind and way easier for keeping track of taxes and book keeping.
my expectations of quick books.. i would expect the quick books would gave been able to give me a complete overview of my accounts and businesses. e.g. i can't find anywhere in the program where i can print my company's balance sheet or my company's profit and loss accounts, to name a few. why is this so?
. you suck!!! i hate you guys!!!! you need a support phone number!!!!!
very limited functionality. the app has very limited functionality  i can’t even see the purchase ledger on the app never mind post invoices or take photos of them. lists supplier contact information only, not even account balances. useless. i have to log on to full site and try to navigate around it on phone screen which is difficult. oh and by the way, very unhelpful customer service too!
great for pimpin. i keep track of all my hoes daily sales & expenses with quickbooks.
useless for mobile access. doesn't have any of the features you would expect from a mobile app. if you want to do anything other than create a invoice or view transactions you put in from your desktop, its a waste of time. no balances, no accounts, nothing useful at all.
great enhancements. i can now create or edit invoices and send them with preview to my tenants. fantastic upgrade.
ipad trouble. i’ve been using the self employed app for almost two years. i had some issues with crossover between a new mac and my iphone. though a painful process, tech support eventually fixed it. now after downloading the app on ipad, the app won’t work on the ipad. says mobile access isn’t available. well what have i been doing on my phone for two years then?
we are in love with qbo. hated accounting thru qb before but this year's online version plus the android app made us change our mind ... now we absolutely love it and we can't thank the intuit team enough for creating such friendly qb online version for business. much appreciated, lanareale.com
bugs and features not working. there is a lot of potential here but also problems. our accountant would like us to use this software yet some of the features don’t work on the mobile app and even on the website there are still many bugs. the biggest is only a few of the accounts created in chart of accounts are available. most are not available in the app and even on the website are “greyed out” and off limits.
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
. needs more function like the web based app
shari. love it
app problems. app keeps crashing haven’t been able to create invoices for days
love it. i send 5 to 10 bills per day and this app makes it easy, like the staples button.
movement through fields. i love the app but it takes so much more time than through safari, enter or tab should move through fields looking forward to this fix
. i have been using this app for 6 months. $40 subscription doesn't get me receipt capture, but the $10 subscription gets it... cannot get it to save information once i enter it, tells me to call a support line that seemingly cannot help me.
. very happy with the product and services, everything in one place
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
it's great!. love how i can operate on the go with this app. quick and easy
. another app failed to provide the timely support i needed. i have used quickbooks before and i am sure i will have a great experience!
quickbooks slow and hard to work. hard to understand and work. cannot pay on invoices on phone but can on computer. system is slow. give me the old system any day
. the image quality of attaching receipts automatically downgrades and makes everything blurry. this renders the receipt image capture completely useless.
. why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
. i'm new to quick books and this app, so far it is user friendly and relatively easy to use. easy to read.
. great app
"buggy, rough, glitchy. frequently disconnectswon't sync to my companies data. frequently ""has trouble emailing this form"" when i try to send clients invoices. frequently is unable to save invoices. using 4g lte network and wifi with same results. says i'm offline when connected to wifi and network. only way to solve problems is seemingly to uninstall and reinstall app. update: now app frequently won't create pdf's that i can then print out. absolutely horrible for mobile business convenience."
. this is an excellent program for invoicing and tracking payment. it does a poor job of matching a bank account with your qb account, so i do not use it for book keeping.
. qb desktop has a far superior user interface i did not realize that this is not the same program
needs features. app seems to get bug fixes but vary rarely does it get new features. as a mobile professional i would like to have the same features in the app as on the computer. currently investigating other more powerful mobile options vs quick books update: can't even enter expenses with the app only a pc! in the usa they can enter expenses with the app.... wish i could deduct an extra star just for that.
. don't fill up your information for free trial it's easy to set up for free trial. they doesn't have options in app for unsubscribe your free trial. you have to reach them every day for unsubscribe your free trial. if you not satisfied from app then start call them before 5days, they will not answer your call till your free trial not get expired. be careful before you sign up.
. i love this app. i absolutely love it.
. great program and very user friendly
. this app is awesome and helps to organize your life and your business habits
pefect. just a fantastic accounting system & app. very easy to use & has all the features you need. transformed my way of accounting.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
valuable tool to have in the field. i installed the app, imported company files from my desktop and boom i was doing estimates and invoices in the field.
quickbooks online. there are a few little glitches between phone tablet and desktop but all in all it's a great program saves time works really well for customers send an email to confirm payment is nice adding a customer in your phone does not work but as long as i use the administrator adding names as i go it works well in the field
the best invoice app. very simple to use and helps a lot! i recomend
works but needs more.... i would have given 5 stars if i was able to record deposits through the app.
love it. great app
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
. at some point the app stopped attaching photo receipts to my expenses. now i've lost several months worth of receipts.
. great with invoices and estimates on the go. and i can see our sales dashboard wherever we go.
. it is easy to use the app and convenient to have on the go. however the app lacks the presentation of the computer online website which has better detail on each page. i would prefer to use the website page.
does not work for android any more. after months of calling customer service sending id ,still no luck . app does not work with android phones,it logs in but it's nothing there because it does not want synchronise,so i have my account with no details in it ,except profit and loss. so if any wants to use the app with android phone and have a data on the web do try it .
. streamlined very easy to navigate. really makes getting the job done a breeze
user role permission not supported. custom user role not supported on ipad. quickbooks recommends you to use online but the invoice interface is “blowout from screen” in chrome and safari and no available signature from customer. its annoying to use it online. this happens, at least, when the user have custom role, just permission for sales for instance.
. absolutely wonderful, works well along with mileage tracker, would hate to be without it
. does what it's supposed to and easy for non accountants
absolutely the best. very easy to use. tried different apps but none of them gave me results. i absolutely recommend it!
very unstable!. downloaded the new version but the app consistently crashes just after login. real shoddy development and testing by intuit.
lacking features and a lot more development to go.. i particularly want to be able to do expenses while i'm out and attach receipts from my phone. i don't seen to be able to attach documents to expense records. document attachment is the single feature i moved to quickbooks online for. also can't access general ledger or bank accounts to process deposits, cash withdrawals, account transfers and journal entries etc. need to run a balance sheet report to view bank balances.
great. not perfect.. very useful program. could use a little bit of polishing though.
owner of superior insulation. love this app its great
terrible app. quickbooks is a terrible app on my iphone & my ipad. it's not even a good program on my computer. it's extremely limited & each update does nothing to improve it. if there was another accounting system i could use, i would.
. great app use it to submit all quotes and review estimates
easy to use. it have save me time and money.
zero stars. it really surprises me that a big company like intuitquickbooks couldn’t come up with something that worked. the app is almost completely useless. i installed it, tried to do some basic stuff on it and couldn’t so i deleted it. please intuit you have to have someone that can build you a better app!!
"it doesn't synchronize. the app is totally unusable. it doesn't synchronize customers and supplier and the transaction with those missing from the list result as incomplete. tried also to dis install and reinstall: same story. on top of this it must also said that the assistance is unresponsive, many days and repeated enquiries to finally get emails full of irritating smileys and useless answers like ""we are constantly improving the apps to serve our mobile customers""."
zero stars new version is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
. i wrote you before, i have uninstalled app.. i have a android.. app wont open says.. experiencing techinical difficulties temporarily unavailable..
limited. for alot of the functionality of qbo you need to use the web app anyway so i would not bother with this app.
bank connection. bank updates inconsistent.
extremely disappointingfrustratingnon user friendly. qb online has been very disappointing. the quickbooks apps for ipad and iphone are incapable of accomplishing anything. it has been very very frustrating and i would not recommend.
can’t find projects on ipad version. yes trying to send an invoice but allocate it to a project and it doesn’t look like it is going to give me the option
. facile à utiliser, facturation vite direct sur le chantiers.
app needs help. great desktop program. the app needs to be able to track mileage and time on a job. that's really my only complaint the more i use it the more i like it
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
a small business must have. i have used quickbooks pro for my small company for many years, but i can't believe i have gotten this far without this app.
very easy to use. works great but doesn't email invoices or estimates
not easy to use. simple tasks like entering a transaction are complex. app and online qb have a slow response when tapping things. just overall frustrating trying to switch from desktop qb to the app and online qb.
simplicity and ease. i am new to quickbooks online but absolutely love how simple the app is. it creates time and space in my personal life.
. was wary, but the convenience is worth a lot until the latest update. now i cant sign on. been a week since they told me there was an issue. still not resolved. spent several hours on hold listing to garbled elevator music that can not be turned down. customer support blows.
new update has me locked out. automatic update to my software today. now i can access my account. fix it now! i am paying way too much to not be able to access my account!
a small business must have. i have used quickbooks pro for my small company for many years, but i can't believe i have gotten this far without this app.
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
online is the best way to go. making my busy life easier one click at a time
. quickbooks functions very well for someone who has no idea what they're doing. support is very helpful when needed.
. just started and loving it i have only been using this app for a short time but it has helped me stay on top of the business side of my work and has made invoicing much easier!
awesome. user friendly and far better than any application available... i love it
ease of use app. loving to use app on phone writing invoices.
awesome app!:. this is perfect for on the go invoices and quotes for businesses.
. i can't use this app at all because it will not sync to my bank. not the app or any of the services offered. i'm trying to cancel all of my subscriptions and services and it seems impossible to do. directions for canceling do not work. i have yet to see any cancellation choices in any drop down menus. i'm paying for services that i can not use and unable to cancel which is a scam.
owner. love this app!! easy to use and don't what i'd do without it
". often doesn't work. customer service tells me not to use the app, to access account from web browser. the numbers you get there may be undependable. don't trust it. the browser doesn't work with the phone. there only reason for quickbooks online is access while away from the computer. i often get the message,""check back in a few hours"". isn't that great when standing in front of a customer trying to write an invoice."
stopped working. worked great until about 1 week ago. now i can’t see income and expense charts. also can’t view and accept transactions. i’m using an iphone 7.
recommend for one stop booking & accounting. i tried many softwares for accounting , the only reason i choose this platform because of its graphics & designs , the dashboard itself give you a ray of positivity , they design the dashboard and entire platform graphics in future aspect. apart from it there customer service is also and helpful. cheers !! ashutosh
. extremely slow login it takes many minutes just loading company data. not efficient for a quick invoice creation. idea is good though. have left a service ticket... waiting for response
terrible. terrible. the support can't even figure it out.
great program for what is asked of it.. great program (i use desktop app on my macbook pro). but constant “improvements “ make it hard to find menus you once had. needs a one click solution to print all open invoices at once. biggest complaint is i get thrown off a few times a week. it’s a quick reload, and i have not lost any data, but annoying.
. since the most recent update i cannot see my dashboard or add expenses to my company. fix it. done all diagnostic steps so this update is invalid. galaxy s10+ here
. want to cancel my subscription doesn't even tell me how.
. great app
great!. running my business has been so much easier since having quick books! invoices are no longer time consuming or hard :)
unhappy. bad program for ipad and android phone. bad customer service. very dissatisfied.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
pretty but not functional. it's bizarre how the graphics continue to be improved but the functionality doesn't. i've been trying to use this app for years but the features i need on the go are missing such as timekeeping. mostly this app seems to work a lot like you would imagine quicken mobile to work, by being able to look up past banking transactions. but i can do that on my banking apps for free already.
i can't stand this program. logins don't work most of the time. functionality is severely limited (no expense tracking, no bill entry?! seriously). crashes regularly. horrible customer service.
great app!!. just switched from quicken, and i don't know why i waited so long. qb is very versatile and comprehensive.
great, clean app. although it's yet another expense for your business, it's well worth every cent. more of an investment for us and we use it for four different companies (yes four times the subscription fee). regardless, it will manage your company's finances as they should be. leaving you with less hassle and worries about your accounts and more time to focus on more important entrepreneurial things.
attachment quality is terrible. the quality of the attachments when taking pictures of things like receipts compresses my photos down to almost indistinguishable. i am using a galaxy s4 and the uploaded pictures are 50kb. at least allow me to choose my compression rate. it allows 25 mb attachments. please fix this!
. accounting standard for small businesses
signature issues. the app crashes every time i get a signature or it doesn't save the signature. please resolve this issue
qb on the go.... love it, love it, love it. this is a great app for someone on the go. no longer am i held hostage by my pc. now instead of going to the bank, the bank comes to me. love it, love it, love it!
easy to use and great features. i moved to quickbooks after trying xero, and find it at least as good for my needs and much better value. good foreign currency support, which is important for me.
very intuitive. incredible app. i find it easier to use than the desk top version.
. problem in sigin to app
easy to use. keeps me on top of my expenses every day. should have started using it months ago!
simplifies. this app makes it really easy and fast to manage receipts and expenses.
as everyone said wish you a good luck. it looks like this is not my issue, but everyone issue. i'm using it because, i have no other options, but think 1000 times before you put your books inside, i wish if i had this advise before i jumped in. good luck with quickbooks, and your new friends (customer support).
garbage update. please test all your updates before releasing them to paying clients!!! invoicing issues, client search issues, expense issues, wth!!!
sorely disappointed. intuit made good products maybe even great products at one time. now their cloud offerings a just released with out any concern for features and bugs. disappointed. somebody has gotten to big to care about their customers.
error. the jan 2019 update is plagued with logon issues. i have logged out and deleted the app and then loaded it again on my phone to start fresh. even this does not fix the issue. no matter what, i get a message about critical updates being needed and it logs me out and crashes at each startup.
no complaints!!!. 👍👍👍👍the first business app ever that i'm unable to find anything wrong with. my boss & i love it. it's incredible how close this app comes to the qbo full website in terms of what we're able to access and accomplish using it. leaves all competitors in the dust. keep up the good work qbo!!!
. subscribed at the top tier quickbooks subscription, but i cannot check my inventory on the mobile app. i cannot express how sad i am, that should the first feature to ever be implemented but its just not there.
crashes since update. i've tried to create a twoline invoice repeatedly since the update, and it crashes every time. will update review when it works.
not great. there are multiple problems wrong with this program. you can't bill a customer when you attach a receipt which means i constantly have to switch between devices. my expenses according to the customer are incorrect. i'd like to see my estimateinvoice minus my expenses per job. the only reason i switched to this program from freshbooks, which is way less expensive and more user friendly is because quickbooks has a balance sheet, which our accountant required.
complement to quickbooks online. this app is a complement to quickbooks online. this apple really work good for making estimates sending invoices and much more. i wish gopayment and quickbooks online were integrated or as one. other than that, great app.
. growing to like this app
love the videos  love the whole system. easy, intuitive, and so rich with features.
meh. so slow loading new pages invoice templates are ugly hard to view invoice view doesn’t quite seem “google” more like a government website that got a makeover
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
useless. all i want is to do, while i am out and about, is enter my expenses and take a pic of the receipt and sync it. not even close to happening with this app.
does not intergrate with the desk top versions and is way more expensive. i bought the desk top version because i was told the app would work with it. now they are discontinuing the app and forcing users that need mobile access to use this, but it does not share data with the desk top version. it would not be so bad except that i bought and paid for qb for windows 2014 and is substantially more expensive in the long run.
. great app
owner. useful for small business. able to use mobile app and coordinate with online.
if it wasn’t broken, it would be much better.. when i launch this app on any of my devices, i get an error in the app that says “unable to get all of your quickbooks data pull down to refresh your page.”
. nice and easy app
quick books online. good for customer data base. good for invoicing and receiving payments. fair at tracking expenses. near useless as an accurate or bookkeeping tool when linked to a bank account. so many obscure and poorly explained manual actions required that error is easy to introduce and tech support usually makes things worse. one may as use good old fashioned paper ledgers and a calculator. don't trust it with your numbers!
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
keeps me connected to my business. the qbo online app is a great compliment to qbo online when i am on the go and do not have access to my laptop or computer. i love the fact that i am always connected to my business even when i have only my mobile phone.
awesome app. downloaded it now u won't regret it
packing slip. please add option to print packing slip from the app
". i appreciate this app and it's helpfulness, but i really wish it had customizable ""favorites"" to make your selections from to make the entry easier and more streamlined"
. it is awesome, very intuitive, simple, more than value for money paid. can you add bills and bill payment to the mobile version?
love quickbooks. it's so easy and makes doing business sooooo much easier!
. error everytime i log in, and requires password so often. edit: the log in is working, but when i try to add an expense it doesn't save, the same button doesn't work
. it's doesn't work in india
. great program!! very easy to use and has many options.
touch id rules. much easier to login now.
unreliable.. great when it works right; frustrating when it doesn't. older data from desktop version seems to be corrupted in mobile version. when it becomes stable and reliable, it will be nice asset. at the moment, however, it's annoying too frequently.
great for my small business!. all my invoices, sales receipts and estimates right at my finger tips. no need to wait until i have computer access. saves tons of time and i can get paid much quicker!
. easy to use! great for keeping track of expenses. especially for my small business.
reports. would be nice if app could run reports. hopefully more robust in the future.
great. awsome when on the road, good functions available. overall solid app. definitely comes in handy
not impressed. started using the app because it was recommended to install it with quickbooks online. the app does not show any up to date transactions that were entered on the quickbooks desktop version, you cannot search by phone number or address only customer name in the app also. i would have thought the app would have been more useful to use while out in the field.
loopy. i tie to sign in and it returns me to sign in again. i even reset my password still doesn't work. it loops back ! crap
quickbooks online. an intuitive program that works for a number of my smaller clients as well as being cost effective and saving time and bookkeeping fees. works for everyone.
crashes almost immediately. running ios 12 and then 13 on an iphone 8. installed the app. put my login info in. accepted that no problem. then boom. app crashes and i’m back to my iphone home screen. rebooted my phone. deleted and reinstalled the app. makes no difference. still crashes. having this app was a big factor in my decision to run my business on quickbooks and now i’m reconsidering that before i get any deeper.
gst number option not available. add gst number option in the app. have to visit the browser and then update gst
quickbooks. excellent software. easy to use both at home and on the go with mobile device.
cannot edit suppliers at all with the ipad app. i think the title says it all. i started an invoice from a supplier, however i cannot continue it on the ipad. it is just impossible! it just cannot be done. so it is for that reason only i am giving it one star. on the computer it is great, the ipad app is useless.
this app is great for on the go but still needs a few things to be fixed like when i mail the invoices or estimates to my customers they always have trouble recieving them..
cant update billing info in app. slow, awkward layout, intelligent prefill of categories usually incorrect slowing down workflow. will be using moyob to set up accounts for my next fy.
after the update. before the latest update i never used the app as i have to attach signed work orders. now? it's awesome!
why so many permissions. this is a great app but it does not need to access my photos not my conacts, etc. as it is our privacy is getting invaded i don't want other apps to access anything more than what it should.
virtually unusable. so much important elements that are not here  bills payment stub or remittance advise doesnt even have a reference or a check #, transaction history etc.
. i got this to sync with my online account and it doesn't. also it won't let me add a sales tax. and so what's the point if i hafta enter everything into separate accounts.
. the best they have really improved on the app. definitely worth the money.
can't match bank transactions reliably. the only reason i use this app is to match bank transactions when i have some 'down' minutes. lately, they keep getting kicked back to me, so i have to match them on my pc anyway. also, you don't have access to both memo and description, so your notes don't appear in reports if you add the transaction though a bank connection.
kerry pabian. are you kidding me !!! app is crashing on my ipad since the update ! why do you always do updates right before its time to do billing ?
bookkeepers or better only! too much info available to users.. this app would allow a salesman taking orders to view way too much information. it's nice that it integrates with the qbo program, but what am i supposed to do about salesmen that only need to check inventory and write orders? surely they should be excluded from the company books! very disappointed in the time i wasted talking to intuit salespeople who materially misrepresent the functionality of the program
love it. my entire business is conducted through my iphone. thanks qb for making life so easy!!! greatest app for any small business, hands down!!!
. need access to qb timesheets. not integrated and really need to be for employees on the move.
it's good enough. this a good app helps out when in the road.
problems. the app have now problems i recommend to check that i was using the app for 3 years but now is a disaster
. great app!!
login will not allow me to paste my password. i use quickbooks online, so i use a very strong password that is stored in an app (1password). it would be extremely annoying to hand type a 25 character random password into this app. and i'm unwilling to compromise my security for my online financial data. therefore this app is totally useless to me.
disappointed. downloaded this app so i could buy the payroll feature for my new company but it crashes immediately upon opening.
. such an amazing app for storing all your business expenses.it's very convenient and easy to use.those who have difficulty in managing their business transactions should definitely go for this app.
changed my life..!. qbo has made the bookkeeping side of my business a dream. it has given me so much time back. if i forget the rest my business to run as smoothly, i would be a happy man…
. the support team helped with my expense logging issue. awesome!
very helpful. i just started my free trial and this is such a great tool for me on the go.
not good.. application works well on my iphone , won't work at all on my nexus 6p? won't open at all. send several notes to developers and nothing yet needs a update
awesome!. has worked better than any other accounting software i have ever used!
. missing cpl of features like cheque writing, arap reports in mobile app.
very disappointing. very limited subset of the online product. the fact that i can't see all my normal reports makes no sense. and can't log in through the browser, so ipad is pretty useless tool for quickbooks. funny thing is that there is beta version for iphone that is more functional. wish it worked on ipad.
time saver & ease of access. if you don't have the app for your small business account already, well you better just click download now! it saves me hours of computer time each week and my clients get the necessary paperwork even when i'm on a job site working. invoicing and inputting receipts has never been easier!
. great app. i love it
app is useless. receipts and notes entered in the app do not show in the register online without additional steps. it doesn’t even show there is an attachment even though i selected show attachments in settings. so what’s the point. absolutely ridiculous in this day and age.
. great, can create invoices on phone and send on the spot
easy to use, instrumental to my business. keep it glitch free please
. this app has one major flaw in my view. my bank transactions do not update unless i go through the website and update it there. this is probably the only reason i have this app. this is very annoying and i have contacted quickbooks about this issue and they are not helpful. they tell me to go to the website and update it there! would be a great app if they fix this issue.
excellent. does everything i need to do on the go which is great. don't always get time in a busy day to sit down and send invoices, but i can with this while i'm out.
. will not honor my subscription. extremely unhelpful support, giving me the run around. 1 week into paying, still no use of the app, and they will not help!
. its ok. but yet to improve to being a user friendly.
broken update. your update broke the app.
used to love it. it used to work great, but now it crashes and never loads. wished it worked. i like the ability to snap pics of my receipts.
app does not support multicurrency. it’s 2018. apps have been around for quite a while now. if your qbo account has multiple currencies enabled, you can’t use this app for banking. seriously, wtf?
. good app
"great app!. easy to use and good customer service. i used the ""chat online"" service. very helpful and especially like that i can email a copy of the chat conversation to myself."
they just keep changing the app.. my biggest complaint about the app is the limited features on customer entries. the pc version you can enter a customer as tax exempt on the phone you can't. further if you open the customer information on the phone and save it it will clear the tax exempt status on the pc version as well. so it is a constant battle to keep who is and isn't exempt straight.
. awsome. able to do almost everything on my phone. i literally only use my phone and have done just fine. have only had to use a computer for some settings but other than that it's wonderful. easy to operate . 👌
freezes. freezes when saving a new client. app is useless.
. very hard to work with didn't match up with my phone or my tablet.
cbcllc. love it just need to add a little more of access on ipad and mobile device. love to have a check signature
needs work. glitches, freezes all the time, constant updates asks me to review app while i'm using app so annoying
. i am unable to see invoices dated back more than a few months. it is also hard to search by name.
. it collects all your information first then it tells you it's paid app.
qb mobile. this app helps me keep up with invoicing on the run. like being able to invoice immediately and email the customer with payment options
quickbooks. quickbooks on my cell phone keeps me in touch with our office 247. once data is entered by our staff it is immediately updated to my cell phone as well as other devices. for the times our staff had a question regarding entries, the help line for quickbooks was always answered by a person who took a personal interest in our problems and they always found a solution. dorothy apartment rentals
uh huh. does exactly what it's supposed to.
. seems to work well, very useful way of sorting receipts
. very good no problems with it.
quick books app. good to connect and keep up with the business!
access. this app is great. it is so nice to be out in the field looking at a project and make an estimate right then and there while things are fresh in your mind. not to mention for the quick service call we are able to make our invoice right there and present it when we are complete with the work. aloha po'okela lawn service kailua, hawaii
great but i need.... to be able to apply discountsclient credits when creating an invoice on the app. add that and it will be perfect. for some reason the code doesn't allow for negative numbers when creating invoices in app, but on the computer it works just fine. thanks!
great application. very handy for revenue and business expenses.
must have for small businesses. this has simplified my life immensely. i no longer have to worry about things falling through the cracks, quickbooks keeps it all in check. solid app, no issues or crashes yet after about 3 months of use.
incomparable with ipad pro. this app works terrible with ipad pro. basically made this business expense a complete waste as the app and web program useless on the ipad pro. extremely disappointed and frustrated.
disappointed. do not download this app. i'm sorry i did. extremely flawed.
mobile app. great on the go invoicing, works great!
works okay but app needs work. funny how if they spent a little more time and money on their point of sale app that they could get two to three times the amount of business. the app needs work. there needs to be more options for customizing the invoice and it really lacks customer management ability. if your just going paperless it’s not bad but like i said the app could really use some work.
lost a key feature!!!😡. update is great except they took away the option when creating a new customer to use a contacts info that's on the device.
. awesome app for small or big business owners that have a lot of paperwork customers etc
. only just started using this app, and i'm already in love.
. amazing app
does not work. vendors don't display but when you try to add the vendor you can't find it tells you that the vendor already exist. even if account #'s are turned of ipad version still shows them. not worth the frustration!!!!!!!!!!!!
mixed bag and ball and chain. a great improvement over the years but the system breaks down at the worst times. today(friday) could not access any of the program for 4 hours. no invoices. no purchase orders. yikes!! when it works, it works well.
. best app for tracking my personal expenses easily.
. exceptional customer service all selfexplanatory perfect for my small business
. i have 2 quickbooks online accounts. not only does the login not even process half of the time, my accounts from one company show up under the other. if you're looking to move to quickbooks online for the mobile app you're going to have to wait. af far as bug fixes go, this has been going on for at least 10 months now so i'm not holding my breath.
. app stopped syncing transactions, useless!
app crashing multiple devices (ios 10 & ios 11). i use this app for my business and after the last update the app has been completely useless on my ipad and on my phone. the only way i can log data is by sitting at my computer when i get home from work. please fix asap. using freshbooks until then. thanks.
love quickbooks. this is the best accounting software there is. quickbooks makes my life so much easier and running my business is so much smoother with the available accounting options!
. really like the taking pictures of receipts. mobile app is great
. this has to be the worst app going zero customer support constantly lied too been trying for 3 weeks to send an invoice and they don't care as long as you keep paying absolute rip off...not far from being a scam spoke to managers about problems and still nothing done do don't waste your time or money...try any other program or stick to pen and paper far better and less stressful
great services. as a small business owner this software offers me everything i need.
great app  easy to use. enough said. it helps me keep track of my invoicing as well as my expenses. great for small businesses.
love the qbo. mobile expense posting is cool
professional and practical. love this app! makes my business paperwork so much easier!
time tracking. i can create an estimate on the go and keep track of my time in a job.
. i operate two companies through the app and notice that suppliers and customers from one company end up being listed in the other! i would give more stars, but this is a glaring issue that needs resolving urgently.
"error. i dont even understand why massage always popup said ""failed to connect with server"" when everytime tried to login using this app..send several of email to support team but theres no answer n solution..please do something i am a quickbooks online plus subscriber.."
amazing. at last i can invoice on the move and do the rest of my book keeping as i go. great app and easy to use.
. very easy to use mobile app means i can invoice quickly!
awesome app!. great product, has everything our small business needs, saved us a lot of time transferring from one program to this. reconciliation is a dream, so simple and easy to work out. have had no issues whatsoever and am very happy with the change over, has made life so much easier. 👍 thank you
quick books online. good for customer data base. good for invoicing and receiving payments. fair at tracking expenses. near useless as an accurate or bookkeeping tool when linked to a bank account. so many obscure and poorly explained manual actions required that error is easy to introduce and tech support usually makes things worse. one may as use good old fashioned paper ledgers and a calculator. don't trust it with your numbers!
. very useful app
. great mobile billing app.
. info lost. i was using the service for my business last year and started in march. in november the app crashed. when it did all my saved receipts mileage and info was lost. i can't even login any longer. when i called they said there is no support for the app except online. so i cant even speak to a rep. so all my info gone and i'm still being charged for a year and a half now for a service that never existed.
needs better support. i thought this was a great app then it wouldn’t allow expenses to be uploaded, one of the main reasons for using this on the mobile app, support we’re worse than useless and could give no time scale as to when this would be fixed to a small business working on the go this defeated the whole point of using a mobile app, am looking for alternatives
. really helps me track my buisness expenses
good for invoices. the mobile app doesn’t have all options from the desktop app. and it’s something that makes sense... i mostly use the mobile app to check on invoices status. also the alerts ... it sent notification when an invoice is paid, and some basic information as well.
great app. an amazing application for small business owners. a personal accountant only for 700 egy a month + you learn accounting
can not save estimates. i'm able to imput items for estimates but error message pops up when i try to save.
update terrible. completely broken at this point. searching for a viable alternative
quickbooks  issues and problems. i thought this may be reputable like the brand. boy am i surprised. can't even call to get proper support. they think that a 48 hours turnaround on a request is acceptable these days...for your important accounting software. give others a look first, this online version is lacking what the desktop has.
. fantastic app!!! reliable and extremely convenient
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
. still learning the ropes. so far so good. being able to submit quotations efficiently and itemized makes all the difference. quite easy to learn and keep track of expenses.
. good app but it's annoying that i have to remove and reinstall the app for almost every update that's released.
. reports needed need reporting inclusion in the app to be rated excellent.
excellent. first time setting up a new business and first time i've used book keeping software. you can do so much with just this app  it's incredibly intuitive and so easy to use. stops me being afraid of the numbers side of my business and just lets me get on with work! absolute game changer. love it.
. quickbooks is amazing! this program and app has made our small business easy, organized, and is the main hub of our online customer service and accounting!
. great software
. horrible, did not notify of subscription issue. data entered not commited to database. double charged my credit card. terrible customer service (james refusing a last name or initial from customer care) experience, nothing resolved. no response from error logs. called and even gave control of my computer. never did intuit offer any fix. ongoing issues over 6 months damaging my business.
quick rip for me.. i find this app so frustrating and difficult. i have had it for nearly a year, paying for the services i can't even use. i have been trying to cancel it but there seem to be no option on the app. the website is asking me to trial the whole thing again. i can't even call and talk to a person. hhhhelp. i need to cancel.
logo. this is a great mobile app but i wish you could put your own logo on the invoices.
. i'm a small business owner and for me finding this app has been a blessing. this app really helps me manage my expenses as well as keep track of my inventory, employee payroll can be done as well etc. just really easy to use and having the profit and loss tracker is just awesome. so far i'm loving the free trial, definitely will subscribe once trail is over.
great app. it sure is nice to be able to do things anytime anywhere.
. not sure if this was resolved but in reviewing past expenses and invoices, it looks like 85% have disappeared. if i entered more than 1 expense on a single day, it kept 1. some days i entered 56 receipts if not more and now i'm redoing them all. switched to a bookkeeper this year so haven't used the app in 6+ months.
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
very easy to use!. great tool and app!
adding pdf. can not add pdf attachments. to my invoices. app is crashing. please fix this.
. quickbooks online has been an invaluable management tool for my small business. i give professional estimates for services & am able to create invoices, receive payment, & track income, expenses, etc.
. excellent app it let's me access all the vital information that i need from anywhere i have cell service.
great update to already great app. the latest update is great! being able to reconcile through app is awesome. best accounting app out!!!
easy and it works!. simple, yeah!
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software. update: this was a problem they had seen and were working on. they fixed it and informed me of the fix a few hours later. working now.
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
jason. great app, but the online version needs progressive invoicing, fix that and its 5 star!
please fix!!. i have used this app for the last few years for my business and have loved it. this latest update has made the app virtually unusable. it won't let me save an invoice, doesn't show payments made, makes me sign in every time even though i have a pin and the list goes on. very disappointed and hoping this is fixed soon.
. qb online is a great app needs to be able to accept cc though.
. great app
where the banking. i want to accept transactions while i sit in bed, this app is far from useful without that capability, come on intuit, make the app complete. as is, a total let down!
. takes a extremely long time to refresh if it even does in the end it's a miracle. needs work. not reliable
program not working. i pay itunes for subscription. i pay directly to them and my program is not accessible to me because it says is expired. i make a case with them 1 mouth ago. create another case 2 days ago. and still i am not able to use the program. payed buy me 2 times (direct to them and itunes). do not use this program you will regret like me.
. i like qbo and its features
using new app for a week more problems longer i use it. really unhappy  i am missing data and receiving error messages and my only option for assistance is to use a form. am completely disappointed in quickbooks. limited functionality! come on intuit can't do any better than this and keep up with the times i have to use a computer or laptop to get full functionality?!
quick books. so easy and simple. just the basics to fit the mobile phone
no employee support. this app doesn't allow you to do anything unless your account is the owner of the books you are looking at. i was added to the subscription but upon logging into the app was told i had no subscriptions. also unable to use my browser as mobile support doesn't exist for the website and they take it a step further by detecting you are using a phone a blocking you from a non mobile version of the site. very disappointing.
. pretty good app..
. the biggest reason i use quickbooks is to see how much inventory i have. can't do that on the phone app what's the point of having it!
. the best business app
improving phase one detsiling. awesome app to help budget and keep my finances straight. the one feature that i love is how our customers are not only sync online on our computer but also our iphones and android lg tablets. that is priceless
doesn't sync. app doesn't sync with qb, banking features (adding expenses, vendors) also doesn't sync with online site.
. i like my experience so far!!
. very happy with this program an app hats off to u for such an awesome buisness solution
. quickbooks technical support is very bad and technical support dont know about how to customised form of bill and showing in their theam but donot show in my bill how to solve it thay don't know ..... and my network speed is 5mbps but opening quick books need time 10  20 minutes to open ... i don't recommend any one for supscription or purchase .... this is a overall very slow software
getting better but a long way left to go. we switched to quickbooks on the recommendation of a number of accountants. then we realized that quickbooks online and the desktop offering are worlds apart. the app is good, but not great. the entire qbo experience is frustrating and getting support is difficult.
receipt camera. the camera update has made what was a relatively easy task into a complete guessing game
makes accounting much simpler. i've been using this app for a few months and find it to be really easy and accommodating. the app when used in conjunction with my desktop program helps to alleviate a lot of ambiguity and oversight.
. there is a error when trying to add item, i have sent message to support with no reply, as well as requested input from the community. i guess you can't ask for much help with such small fees per month.
great app. the app is easier to use than the online version on a laptop. well done.
awful app  doesn’t fully sync with online data. i keep getting notifications about a 6 month overdue invoice, which i used for testing. however, when you try and remove the invoice, it can’t find it. the online version is fine if a little overpriced for soletrader business, but this app, which costs nothing, is worth exactly that. it’s next to useless.
. newest update (android nougat, galaxy s7) when creating an invoice or estimate, upon saving it just hangs. because it hangs, you try to back out. when trying to back out it asks if you want to save changes, you can select no, only to discover that your ten attempts to save did in fact create ten invoices. specifically the component that should after a save, take you out of invoice editing to look at the invoice is not operating correctly.
. problem opening app worked yesterday, and won't let me open app today
changed my rating to 5.. i used to upload all my account transactions from this app. now they are gone. that was the only thing i used the app for. it is now useless to me. ***update*** your suggestion worked. changed my rating.
awesome!!!. fantastic and love how much this program does for you. very simple to use.
. does the job
. amazing app perfect for a small business
. great program for keeping track of your expenses and income.
qb online app. i love it! the app makes it easy for me to check on my business, record transactions, and review reports.
fire the entire team. worst app. login doesn't work. recovery doesn't work. craptastic adventure
love it!!. my only reservation to giving it a five star is that i can't go between invoice formats on my mobile device. i would also say to the developers, keep working with it. it keeps getting better. thanks
the convenience of this service is worth every penny. without this app, i would often forget to log in after a job and record my time on an invoice. now, i can record billable time, field notes and expenses as i perform them, and email the bill to my customer upon my departure. the only thing i would like to see added is a way to record mileage as miles.
. great accounts software, easy to use and pricing is best in the market. previously used myob and will never go back.
awesome. amazingly quick and efficient. very easy to learn how to use.
"soooo slow. i have been using this app for about three years , and it was very functional and useful, but now, almost every time i open it, it says ""downloading data,"" and stays there... for 35 minutes doesnt matter whether my phone is on wifi or cell coverage. i hope they fix this bug."
great app. just need a bit more of the functionality of the full site. like the time activity bit. account balance updating would be good to.
errors galore and inability to log into client accounts. i’m so disappointed with this app. as an accountant it would be handy to log into client accounts and check figures or enter small changes, but more often than not, i receive an error message and cannot log in. the issue renders this app completely useless.
. great app
great!. versatile and wonderful app
. 😃snooth and always there. doesn't matter where i am. if i have data quickbooks are there for me.
. i thibk quickbooks hitnthe mark here verybwell nice app not but having a subscription for it all worth it
smallbusiness rocket!. great app. this is making my small business very productive. especially since the account is device agnostic. i can use it on my device or login online and be just as efficient.
. great app, can do pretty much everything i need to right from my phone, but is also a seamless transition to my computer.
. garbage, won't let you delete your account. it took hours to finally be able to delete email and account, save yourself the hassle and dont download it.
quickbooks online app needs lots of work still. the basic problem is it’s way too slow no matter where i am. usually end up just going through the internet. they are always changing things !😡
great app. easy to use when on the go.
quickbooks is genius. i don't normally write reviews for apps. but quickbooks online is simply amazing. i've been using it for over a year and i absolutely love it. i can download transactions from the bank so no boring data entry and can create invoices on the go on my phone. so good.
brilliant. i'm not great with keeping up with book work but this app makes it so easy that i actually want to put the time in and do it properly. a must have for small business
. would like to be able to send invoices
. doesnt work on my acer tablet anymore
. this app has been a life saver!
quickbooks online accounting software.. this app is not a doubleentry system accounting app, but rather a singleentry bookkeeping in which you only need to log each transaction of income or expense once, in the way quicken and other check writing software programs work,
bank transactions not loaded. there are several limitations with this app. but my major issue is the inability to load bank transactions. the connected bank account goes sometimes for weeks or months without the transactions transferred to qb. other times they are uploaded every couple of days. there is no option to upload the transactions manually through the app. i called customer service but no one helped. this makes the phone app pretty much useless.
. simple. easy to use. reliable. 5 stars all around.
. they have stop me for using the software and didn't tell me why.
friendly app. looking for the app to start your business look no further then this. i've started to use it and it's very easy to use.
over all good app. it would get 5* if the invoices showed more details about the bill. like individual dating for services done. that way the customer better understands the invoices.
"rarely works. the quickbooks app worked great for awhile. now with the last update, nothing refreshes. i'm always receiving messages that it can't ""update at this time. try again later."" very disappointing"
awesome app. as a small business owner i'm constantly on the go. this app is amazing. with very little effort i can quickly add a new client create an invoice and get paid how i want.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
awesome app. it's very user friendly and informative. i really like how easy it is to assign an expense category and the convenient display of the profit  loss feature.
very user easy. this app is great. very user friendly!
too many error messages. for what you pay for a quickbooks online account, this app for ipad and iphone is really disappointing. i get an error message almost every single time i try and enter a new transaction. sometimes it works despite the error message, sometimes it doesn't. but i get the error every time. i can't even access the banking functions as i get an error message and nothing will load. the only function that seems to work properly is the reports section.
. love the phone app!
signature for estimates. would like to have a signature on estimates for android tablets like you have for the mini ipad.
check payment image. i wish if i can take of the customer check payment image and with in it on the app. both of them times it’s hard to search for invoice number and when customers overpay the system does not stop them and the refund process is so difficult.
great app. good for a non accounting person like me. i can keep track and give it all to my accountant and it gets done. i love that i can send invoices from my ipad and enter info etc. two thumbs up!
will not let me access my info!!!. ever since i got new phones for my technicians ,samsung s5, i have not been able to access any of my customers, transactions, or invoices. i use qbo for my business, but have now lost all mobile capabilities. if not resolved, i will be forced to use a different accounting software. 5 stars if working properly.
google calendar. it would be nice to be able to sync google calendar with the mobile app for invoices like you can do on the mac app.
take me back. new updates are awful. keeps crashing..unable to do simple functions on the go such as editing invoice, sending a statement, etc. old version was much better. change it back to how it was..not every update is a good update. especially not this one.
quickbooks. great app especially if on vacation!
. you need this app if your running a business
. great app, does everything i need while out and about. makes evening paperwork easier.
great but needs the option for gratuity. i would give quickbooks 5 stars if my clients had the ability to add a tip for services rendered when i send them an invoice.
connecting my business. as a carpender who has been in business for almost 20 years switching over to quickbooks this year has allowed a much more efficient process. the phone app has changed the speed at which i can respond to customers.
. update has not fixed this issue! why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
. convenient app. helps me keep up with my accounts.
great app!!. no issues so far. simple to use.
great app. very happy with this app!
amazing app for business .. i run my construction business with this app and just got the card reader now
not so great. appears so different on mobile then desktop. allot of functions not available in the app. can’t really use it on the go. for example cannot fill the site details on app as it dose not appear.
good for the $$$ needs more features. need to be able to write and view purchase orders from the app. also be able to see the cost of inventory items. not just list price
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
freezes. freezes when saving a new client. app is useless.
emailing. emailing invoices is not operating today!
. great for small business. easy to learn.
. mobile app runs faster than desktop app. easy to use.
. we still can't check bank account balances. tons of missing features.
needs work. this won't stay up to date with online or desktop app and i regularly get error messages. this is frustrating and useless.
quickbooks online rocks!. setting up qbonline to invoice, purchase, and banking downloads makes it possible to be completely mobile with your business!
. great app
easy to use. love this app, easy to use.
qb ol user. i almost can't believe they actually released this to the public. it is only half an accounting system. all you can do is see outstanding invoices. it is at best a limited reporting system. it is not a way to control a business.. a long way to go before even thinking about paying $0.99 for it ..
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
good, but too limited.. as others have posted, this app would be infinitely more useful if it had more of the functionality of the desktop browser based system. being mobile means i can't do many if the things i'd like to.
former intuit betatester. i love this program and like to see how far intuit has come these past few years...you may think i am biased, however, i use the program and love it...keep up the good work all. addendum: it is my pleasure to help with a program that i helped to take from a boxed prgm to a widely used online tool. you are most welcome. i will try to help and make suggestions as necessary.
. love this app!! so simple and extremely convenient.
so so.. while intuit has made many improvements in the last few years the iphone app is virtually useless. the ipad version is a slight improvement but neither app allow access to the most commonly accessed information. oh well.
. good, but... it doesn't have all the features of quickbooks online on the computer. it would be nice to manage expenses from my phone and to balance account registers. edit: with expenses added, it's now a more complete mobile business manager. happy to see the forward progress. keep adding the new features!
best accounting software. so easy to use. has so many features.
. the worst!!!! i switched to a new phone and now it doesn't recognize my user name and password. it even allowed me to change the password and then wouldn't recognize the new one. called twice to resolve the problem. first time, 35 minute wait and hung up. 2nd time 40 minute wait, hung up. i will be canceling my subscription and looking for a quality competitor who values customer service. what a shame!
. not all of my customers show up and neither do all of my past invoices. this makes it impossible to send out invoices unless i want to create a new customer profile every time. so, for my use, this app is effectively useless most of the time.
easy to use. i haven’t tried other softwares when it comes to managing my books besides quickbooks so i can’t compare it to the others in the market. but for me it’s very simple and easy to use. my favorite feature is the ability to take photos of your receipts and transfer them instantly. i’m sure all of them do that but it works great here.
. the update sucks
extremely limited. no credit memos, you can't have a simple addition of how much you have to receive in open invoices at a specific date, no journal entries. i have only my ipad pro and if i try to access the web version, it's not compatible with any browser on ios. so you're stuck and you need a pcmac only for these things. it's a terrible, terrible experience.
fantastic app in all respects.. i've used quickbooks for over 10 years. it has been great watching them evolve and adapt to the changes in demand and tech. they are ahead of the swell in my opinion
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
vital for biz. makes it simple to analyze business from your phone.
. loving using this software, helping me heaps
good for viewing, not for editing. can't seem to figure out how to allocate new transactions.
disappointed.. as a qbo subscriber, i thought i could get basic financial reports like monthly profit and loss... not so. i'm not sure the app is of use to me at all.
good app. very useful
brilliant. excellent accounting software for new small business. only issue i have is that i bought a subscription online and the app keeps telling me to subscribe
independent contractor. i love this app being able to have everything on my phone... the monthly dues are definitely worth it!
app doesn't work. since updating this a couple of days ago, can't open the app at all. please sort!
simple.. i'm a 30 yr old first time entrepreneur and small business owner. i wish i had paid a little bit more attention in that intro to accounting course in undergrad. but the beauty of qb is someone like me can get up to speed pretty quickly. what i love about intuit's products is they simplify your life, and qb makes keeping accurate and precise books very gratifying.
good app. nice to have this access on the go. works fine for reviewing status and basic functions.
non emergency medical transportation business owner. there are obviously some differences between the desktop version and the app. the app gives you real time overview of everything you might want to double check on the go. quickbooks is a great tool and the app is a great extension of it.
. great but i would like to be able to customise the quote and invoice templates and a bit disappointed that the mileage tracking is not part of this its a different app with it's own cost otherwise great
worst customer service. i love the idea of the app but it’s too confusing i don’t get a lot of the options and customer service i barely understood anything was no help at all. i just simply needed the app to track incomeexpense and personal pay.
. the first couple of months it was working great. the last two months it complete stopped working, i'm paying for it when it doesn't even work. the bank transactions are way off and it not showing my recent bank transactions.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
. see once after putting password and user i'd could not able to login it's coming error
great app. i love this app. it's very helpful and easy to use. keeps everything organized and in order easy to look up at any time. i highly recommend it for all small businesses. it will definitely make your life a lot easier.
crashes. crashes immediately after i open the application. update was recently done and now i can't use it.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. app never opens complete bull
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses.
crash. crashes each time i try to add a customer. i can't do anything with it now. iphone 6
. great app!!
great support but app is flawed. i have several companies setup on one login. this was done by qb themselves but it keeps crashing, stalling or telling me there is a fault. also don't choose 'other' as business type as list of income and expenditure categories is massively reduced and you will have to add the ones you want manually. customer service is excellent but i shouldn't need to know this!
. love this app, easy to use and reasonable priced
finally!. this app does all that i've wanted  expenses and all. good to se qbo is working at this. love the mobile experience.
excellent. does everything i need to do on the go which is great. don't always get time in a busy day to sit down and send invoices, but i can with this while i'm out.
buggy. login with my correct password but it's buggy and won't login. asked me to restart the application many times.
frustrating. it's good to be able to use from iphone etc but i can't get any support or reply for help just doesn't happen seriously thinking of going back to reckon just because of this
. don't like that you have update in order to open app.
. awesome app for small business owners that need to be on the move.
awesome.. works great for invoicing and reports. love being able to email and print invoices and estimates from my phone. i don't use it for payroll.
needs some improvement quick books mobile was so much better. when any of my customers get an email it goes into spam and most can't open invoice from intuit sites. one of my customers tried paying invoices from site and that didn't work either. i don't have time to spend all day on phone to resolve continues issues.
bad update. befoe you used to record bank feed but no more! this update ruined the quickbooks app
"locks, freezes, and won't sync. updated last week and haven't been able to use it since. i've reinstalled, cleared cache, resynced data... nothing. qb customer service ""can't see any issues with my login"" so who knows ? ive been reduced to entering all my invoices from my computer at home (defeats the purpose of the app doesn't it?). until they fix this update, don't download it."
disappointed. needs touch id for login, and bugs fixed for ios 8.
help desk is horrible. please hire someone who either speaks english or will transfer your call to someone who can when directed to do so no fewer than 5 times. pathetic.
. need to pay to use the app? why not directly put the price instead of stating it a free app?
satvinder. tear 2 help desk software support
great app. real nice app
unuseable. the developer disabled the ability to paste in your password. i cannot use an app that requires me to spend two minutes pecking in my 28digit password every time i want to use it! enable paste and i will give this app a try.
portable. great app for running a business on the road. i wish it had progressive invoicing....but overall i am happy.
needs help. if you have multiple locations this app is useless cause you cannot assign a class to the expense.
timesheet and expenses. it would be a great app if our employees could access and input timesheets and expenses. maybe one day.
i love it. love the invoices!
quickbooks. very good app i will purchase after my trial thanks
nice but crashes. i like the app other than the fact that after a few minutes of work it crashes. it reliably crashes. helpfully they fix it soon, it's frustrating to have to log back in every time.
poor experience. the app is extremely buggy, unstable, and very slow. logging into the app is unpredictable and i'm randomly logged out. entering receipts is quite painful to say the least, and is impossible without a decent internet connection.
so far so good. so far it does everything i want it to do. if you're looking for an easy to handle app that keeps u up to date look no further.
app. best app
it's a good app. very convenient. the mobile app isn't perfect, and as some have pointed out a few features are missing in the mobile app. but qb is convenient. i can take payments, check accounts, and do basic things while i'm out and about. it's good, and quickbooks online support has been great lately.
error. a lot of error messages when trying to save things. only to find out it was saved twice afterwards.
report must show sales receipts as well. reports must show sales receipts as well and not only invoices. qb allows you to generate sales receipts for customers who paid at the point of sale, hence the report functionality in the app must show these receipts as sales otherwise, the whole report is meaningless. also, more basic reports are needed such as p&l, balance sheet, suppliers, transactions....etc. thx anyway.
update. please fix soon app opens and closes after update.
poor. need to put password in every time i start can't write a service invoice and an amount
excellent for doing my accounts. this company is excellent i have a taxi company i can do my accounts online and why am waiting for customers if i have any problems they always solve them very quickly i would highly recommend
. nice software and easy way to learn.
. they just did a huge update and didn't change any of the items i'm having problems with. the app is useless to me with line items abbreviated. how do i know what i'm entering?
. great app
easy to use and navigate. love it.... it's a huge step up than our last accounting system. love that the reconciliation is so easy.
. easy to work with, fast, and email integrated for invoicing is smooth. wish i had more control over forms to make look like mine. but great app really.
. i'm getting sick of this app real fast it comes tr manly crashes i try calling the 1800 number and nothing
"super userfriendly. i love this app, as it is very easy to use even if you aren't completely accounting savvy. i would like to be able to setup ""reminder"" emails to clients who have past due invoices. other than that, i'm very happy with the features of this app."
great, clean app. although it's yet another expense for your business, it's well worth every cent. more of an investment for us and we use it for four different companies (yes four times the subscription fee). regardless, it will manage your company's finances as they should be. leaving you with less hassle and worries about your accounts and more time to focus on more important entrepreneurial things.
only a trial. would have been nice to know it was a trial only, i saw the in app purchase option but no where did it say trial.
really wish it was hipaa compliant. i have a healthcare related company. my billing process would be a lot easier and faster if i could send invoices through my secure network or if qbo was hipaa compliant.
. why can't i see bank account details in the app? you can on the ios app contacted help desk who couldn't help! without access to accounts the app is effectively useless. i have done everything you suggest. home screen is now blank! so even worse than when i started. i have also contacted support with no solution as yet.
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
love it!. i am a locksmith, need an easy and efficient easy to manage invoicing, books, transactions... qbo has saved me hours every night logging and sending invoices, billing, and balancing my books through my bank. i send invoices on the fly now, and all of the related bookwork is completed simultaneously... seriously wonder how i found the time to complete everything this does for me from my phone or tablet in my car. a real time saver!
can't match bank transactions reliably. the only reason i use this app is to match bank transactions when i have some 'down' minutes. lately, they keep getting kicked back to me, so i have to match them on my pc anyway. also, you don't have access to both memo and description, so your notes don't appear in reports if you add the transaction though a bank connection.
. i have had repeated issues with credit card processing off mobile in clients homes. embarrasing to repeatedly attempt to run their card, only to have to make phone calls after to see if their card was run twice. emailing receipts does not happen everytime. trying to email receipt and system keeps telling me that new information is available, then nothing. often will not process payments while with customer. overall system is pretty good to work with. still recommend qb.
. love it! i'd love to learn more about how to fully utilize it but it's pretty simple to use. and that very key!
not getting started on phone. neither it is getting installed newly on my android phone nor i am able to recover the password of my older account . after collecting all the data it says we don't support it on android in india
"""quickbooks + square"". great app!!"
recent update worse. with the recent update, the app won’t load and immediately shuts down on me. : can’t access my accounting.
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
don’t use this with an ipad.. bought this app and was unable to get it to work with an ipad. 4 hours on the phone with this company and still no success. they charged me and told me to get my money back through apple. there is an open known problem being worked on their end but user’s beware. you won’t find out until you’ve paid.
. great app i love it
quickbooks app. i like the app except i can’t seem to add accounts to the chart of accounts.
i can't put in negative numbers 😡. i'm trying to make a receipt for a client. i'm a property manager. i need to explain deductions i made but it will only add not subtract. it does both on the computer so i guess i'll use the computer for that.
great but unreliable. a five star app with one star reliability. half the time it doesn't refresh, or your data is unaccessible, or the server can't be contacted, or you are logged out. when working it is fantastic, but the most infuriating app for business i have ever used.
can't log in. crashes every time i try to log in. reinstalled twice. no go.
. when it works it works great. however i have to periodically delete and reinstall the app because it gets buggy entering new expenses. it will get locked in the expense screen. in the locked screen if i hit save 5 times it will record the transaction 5 times while still sitting in the entry screen. **update the developer solution did not work.
works well. easier than the web interface sometimes!
dead in the water here.. i have been using qb on line for a while now. there is still a lot of bugs that will drive you out of your skin, and nobody gives a dam. today the app updated and now i can’t even get in. waisted my entire evening reseting my password and still nothing. i have had it with qb!
access. this app is great. it is so nice to be out in the field looking at a project and make an estimate right then and there while things are fresh in your mind. not to mention for the quick service call we are able to make our invoice right there and present it when we are complete with the work. aloha po'okela lawn service kailua, hawaii
mileage tracker. any chance you can put a mileage tracker on this app? other wise it's perfect for small business
brilliant. i love the qb app. can invoice on the job. wish i'd used it sooner.
great app. quickbooks have a fantastic app with full functionality of the browser version.
. great tool for a service business! create an invoice and get paid all at the job site in one easy app
. love this app for it's ability to let me keep track of my job expenses and billing amounts. i will certainly recommend this app for my colleagues.
. ease of use with lots of support
great product!. importing my company file from desktop to qbo was a breeze. love the interface, ease of use, and having access to qb anywhere i go.
. love this app!
no grouping of customers or invoices. services that the regular version have.... i don't know why they didn't carry this over. if u have more than one customer base or if u need to send the same invoice to multiple customers you are out of luck. hope they fix soon very annoying
nice. good app for business
amazing app. i got this because of danny devito
number monkey. i love pitching the receipt after i enter my expenses!
buggy. super buggy and currently unusable. fix your app qb. we pay good money for your service.
downloading the app. downloading was easy
". often doesn't work. customer service tells me not to use the app, to access account from web browser. the numbers you get there may be undependable. don't trust it. the browser doesn't work with the phone. there only reason for quickbooks online is access while away from the computer. i often get the message,""check back in a few hours"". isn't that great when standing in front of a customer trying to write an invoice."
. very user friendly
not user friendly. it probably wouldn't be bad if i kept a spreadsheet handy while i was away from my computer so i could reference invioce and estimate numbers with addresses. it kind of defeats the purpose though.
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎 12.5.19. yup.. still hate it. i use it but cringe every single time i open it. pos app. zero stars"
. you don't need to understand double dutch accounting to use it.
qbo for mobile is fantastic!!!. i love being able to invoice a client on the go with my mobile phone. so convenient.
. awful app...one of the main reasons for converting to online from desktop was 'receipts on the go'. it's a joke...most of chart of accounts is missing and so are the bank accounts i'm using for transactions! so entering and recording receipts on the go is impossible. if this is important for you, use xero!!
scared. i added the app. haven’t used it yet. i read some of the awful reviews. decided to delete it. not worth my valuable time. don’t think it is necessary to go through the same nonsense everyone else has gone through. you may want to call it the power of reviews and lack of response from the people in charge.
great app. does everything i need it to do. it's fast and laid out well. works great on my samsung note 3. but, don't forget to log out, because i quit the app a day ago, opened it back up again today and it brought me back to where i left off without authenticating me again. glad i didn't lose my phone in a cab! it did not time out and log me off my session. other than that, it's great.
just fine for a small business. if you are looking to get up and running quickly, then this will do just fine. the subscription is a little on the high side compared to sage's offering, but sage is a lot more difficult to use.
good and bad. i converted from xero and i am finding quickbooks has its advantages & disadvantages. i don’t like how the custom invoices are so restricted with gst. the mobile app banking function is excellent.
great. great app
chrashing in estimates. the app is great, only hiccup is that it restarts as soon as i go into opening a new estimate
most productive app. using this app on my iphone and ipad hs made my life so much easier! i've been able to invoice my customers without having to lug me laptop around. truly an awesome app!
where are all my estimates????. in our business the estimates are the most important... most of our customers on app do not show their estimates!!!! if we cannot access all our estimates through the app...it's worthless. since i can't run our business from my ipad...quickbooks isn't for us..
need a guide. new user here and i need this apps for my business... but i wanna know how to entry my daily sales..
. great app use it all the time
. very helpful love this app for all my business needs
great tool. awesome app, so far so good
qb online app. i love it! the app makes it easy for me to check on my business, record transactions, and review reports.
. it works well for my small biz. very happy.
. get program.
. awesome app
. app no longer loads. error returned from client
. fantastic, easy to use software. i own two small businesses and quickbooks has made my life a lot easier. with the app i can use it anywhere, which is a nice bonus. highly recommend it!
absolutely fantastic!. this app is incredible. having been using for 6 months, and it has revolutionised the way we are able to do business. so easy to setup, use and understand. i highly recommend to anyone that needs an easy orderinvoicesales system for their business.
wonderful app.. wonderful app. makes my life so much easier. wish i would have signed up with qbo earlier.
. it keeps saying check back in a few hours when i attempt to look at my bank transactions. very glitchy
. great app, pretty user friendly. could be more visually appealing. the pc web browser platform is better.
can't match bank transactions reliably. the only reason i use this app is to match bank transactions when i have some 'down' minutes. lately, they keep getting kicked back to me, so i have to match them on my pc anyway. also, you don't have access to both memo and description, so your notes don't appear in reports if you add the transaction though a bank connection.
. love the app because i have access to my business accounting any where
. works well. there are some functional restrictions from the desktop app. but works well enough
good stuff. the phone app is a good resource that compliments the desktop app. i have been using qb online for several years and have found that it meets my business needs as a small consulting company with less than 10 employees.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
great app. there is no other app like it. this is probably one of the easiest apps to use and it is very userfriendly. i use it for my business and i have instant access on my iphone. you can send invoices on a moments notice.
love it so easy on the go. great support of an easily understood ap! perfect for my on road small horse business thanks
good unless u need their help. i had a problem as accidentally created 2 companies in the one profile. subscription applied to wrong company and they had no idea how to fix it. the company with all my accounting was cancelled as ‘trial ended’ but other company with no data was fully subscribed. very frustrating when dealing with idiots in the phone!
new app is great!. the new app is super user friendly and versatile. it’s easier to use quickbooks from my phone than it is from my pc now. vast improvement over the previous versions.
qb mobile. we use it at our retail location. love the integration the mobile app gives. its a nice feeling to know i'm always on the same sheet of music no matter where i'm at. excellent !
. i have not been able to log into the app. i keep receiving an error message indicating i need to install the latest version, but it is already installed. i even attempted uninstalling and reinstalling, to no avail.
best accounting online software. very useful very easy and flexible
. the service is phenomenal. when my wife took over the company books, she knew nothing about quick books. i gave her the number for service and they were talking all of the time. now she knows what is going on and slaps my handsfor making a bad entry!
. where do i start. purchased to help with accounts for small self employment business. did not upload new transactions from bank account or paypal as advertised on app or the full site. mileage tracker was not accurate. user interface too basic. so frustrating as i would use this constantly but as it does not upload my transactions properly, it is unusable. far too glitchey as an app. wish i had done free trial and not wasted money on it.
quickbooks online. this apps rocks!
. fantastic software
excellent update!. thanks very much for the update, all my recent activity imported and the reports are very much welcomed! this has definitely made me happy. cheers!
easy to learn. easy to learn good support. i would like to be able to upload invoices sitting in my iphone pdf or ibooks app, or even better, directly from my email attachments, into the qb app when i am entering expenses. currently i only have the option of entering a photo. best wishes, dee
app can’t find our data. we are days into this app not being able to access our data: accounting, banking, billing. access is only available through certain browsers on a laptopdesktop. the support team is friendly and wished me luck.
. love the invoice function on this app
moron developers and qa. don’t bother with this app. more time updating this weekly with version changes and bug fixes... jokers
time saver!!!. i have been using it online, now with the app it goes by so much faster!!
small business owner. app has shut down before i could save and i had to start over in the field. i had trouble accessing it in the beginning. it is not easy to add an address to the invoice edit option for the template...
. its very good program keeping my books in order, reminding of unpaid invoices connects to external management software, great stuff
. great app makes my life much easier.
unable to signin. since the update, qb won't authenticate on iphone 5s: either it states technical difficulties or the login info is incorrect. i'll uninstall and install to see if that resolves this new programming error.
. i have had this app for my business for about 1 year. every time i spent the money new transection comes up 2 time . and it's too hard to remove on transection.
. wish i never started using quickbooks. i can't connect to my bank anymore . got the new app logged in and they want another subscription off me. waste of time and money. no actual support apart from the automatic ok ne which is as much use as a chocolate fireguard.
. app works great for managing some aspects of your business online.
quickbooks. excellent software, app is realy handy tool
. love the app! everything i need, when i need it!
crashes ios 9 dont download. incompatible with ios9. can't run business properly now. please fix asap.
excelente app. helpful tool
"problems. this app will not let me save an invoice, it always says ""this number already exists"" no matter which number i add. only started the error on the 301112, please fix."
missing key funtions. app is great for billing and reviewing information. only function i see missing the would give this app a 5 star rating is it doesn't allow for time entry's to track employee times per job.
so good.... love qbo! makes doing bookkeeping in the fly so easy and allows me to capture expenses on the spot!
time saver. i highly recommend this app, specially for small business. quick, easy and in combination with service m8 it's all i need.
great app but needs banking. this app is great since the last major update, but all i want now is to do my banking on it too.
. so simple to use i love tht i can send invoices on the go and accept payments with my phone!!
couldn't perform like we do without. great app!!!! highly recommended. tracks and categories everything with moderate input from you. great on tax day!
improving but still a long way to go. like the new dashboard, but need ability to set ytd totals, more report options, does not show all my bank accounts. needs to be more customizable. app does not replace the website version, which is still needed to do any real work. best feature is the easy way it handles the bank feeds.
great app. it works great on android.
unuseable. the developer disabled the ability to paste in your password. i cannot use an app that requires me to spend two minutes pecking in my 28digit password every time i want to use it! enable paste and i will give this app a try.
highly recommend for startups. qbo does everything that i need it to. it is a great dashboard to see where i am at, with the ability to add details to all of my transactions.
. all the hype and there's no where or way to cancel a subscription.
great app!. very useful, but i think it still needs some work. very limited, need to offer more functions.
bad customer service and bad app. i’m use only one month is the most terrible app. never used this app
. great app easy to use if your familiar with apps
. account function is good . but technical support & help customer service is poor, not responding. wrost app
all of my clients love it!. the ease of use is fantastic. i love that i can quickly load multiple accounts. the qbo app makes my job so much easier because my clients love tracking expenses and sending invoices on the go!
excellent. first class app don't know how i managed without it!
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. how did this pass quality control?
unhappy v18.12. as of version 18.2 i can no longer “switch company”. looks like the developers broke a really great app.
working great. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
. amazing app
great apps. like it!
. worst app ever!!! when logged in only options are help, feed back and something else so unnecessary. you're suppose to be able to scan your receipts .. nope!
. the service online is terrific. the app errors anytime i try to update from my smartphone for over a month now. support is unresponsive via email.
experience getting worse. entering transaction requires way too many taps. it isn’t location aware to suggest transactions you just always search. recent updates have some bug that makes the app download the data file with almost every login and login often you must. usually twice a week it loses my password. i have enjoyed quickbooks online but this app experience may have me evaluating competitors in december.
statements!. please add the ability to send a statement(s) from the mobile app. thank you!
decent....but needs work. the mobile app is laid out decent and does work well for the most part. biggest problem i have is you cannot access product quantities or make any purchase orders with the mobile app. need to fix that.
great enhancements. i can now create or edit invoices and send them with preview to my tenants. fantastic upgrade.
. what an utter waste of my money for initially subscribing to it. very difficult to use. the questions are complicated when declaring expenses. don't bother using this app better keeping your own ledger!
"cumbersome. cumbersome and clunky to deal with. constantly checking to make sure i'm not a robot. security is appreciated but this is ridiculous and really slows me down. used to be good but got updatedtweaked""improved"" past the point of being useful. now i dread having to use it."
management. good online on the go, but it has too many breakdowns, constantly has crashes, and makes it frustrating when you needed, if there were another online app that i will use i probably would consider on changing, for something simple is probably the right one for many customer that used the app.
. won't let me add bank accounts. app is useless.
crashes now. i used to love it. i got a new iphone updated it and installed quickbooks and it crashes every time i sign in. it says i have to download my company info every time i open the app. it takes 510 minutes to do so. i have contacted customer support multiple times. every time they tell me there should be an update soon and it will be fixed soon. it never changes.
. i was finally able to utilize this valuable resource. it has simplified writing estimates. the more time you invest in filling in your information, the easier and useful this resource becomes. thanks and god bless
unique landscaping. it’s simple to use and helps to keep up with you’re accounting, totally recommend it
. so far easy to navigate and set up still learning the system cool so far
confusing. very difficult to use.
excellent. quickbooks online works great for me and makes my work much easier especially with the phone app
tremendous. great app been using quickbooks over the years on desktop version specially go on mobile is the best way to go there is a couple tweaks that need to be worked on for example keeping track of inventory etc. and so forth been using quickbooks pro help ticket update these features as quickbooks from other than that it's a starter
. quickbooks makes my life so much easier for writing amd sending estimates and invoices. there are so many other things that quickbooks can do that im slowly learning. im writing so many estimates and getting so much work from easier estimate and invoice writing its really hard for me to get the time sit down amd learn everything else quickbooks has to offer.
. why can't i edit an invoice number? my only complaint is that i am unable to edit the invoice number. this prevents me from creating invoices on the go.
. very easy to use on any device at any time. customer support is on it quickly when you contact them.
"didn't want to give in but i did lol. i didn't want to get quickbooks for our small business but finally did. i'm glad i did because now i don't have to go through each invoice ""old school""."
excellent program. we are extremely happy with this program, it has made our company administrators live so much easier.
electrical contracting business. very easy and convenient to use. my accountant can log on to it from her office saving me the time and the trip. i appreciate the phone app especially for unexpected service calls.
. great app to managing income and expenses
mixed bag and ball and chain. a great improvement over the years but the system breaks down at the worst times. today(friday) could not access any of the program for 4 hours. no invoices. no purchase orders. yikes!! when it works, it works well.
only for ar. this app pretty much just acts as a payments rec'd recorder. has no other functionality that i can see. need to enter vendor invoices on the go so it would be nice if , even if it doesn't have full functionality, you could at least handle vendors and customers on the go.
awful. i don’t typically leave negative reviews but if i have to watch an invoice that i am editing disappear one more time i’ll loose my mind. clunky and prehistoric programme pen and paper would be quicker
easy but very limited. maybe i was not schooled enough on the app, but i have the need to print reports and invoices. i could not find an option to that.
. great app!
. this app is rubbish. it doesn't do the single thing you'd think was necessary using phone camera to take photo of receipt to attach to transaction.
very disappointed. there is very little you can actually do with the app.. not impressed am canceling the account.
. this is my first year using quickbooks. so much easier to track all expenses and sales.
. you have to use the website to update banking transactions. the website sometimes takes days to update them also, sometimes it's virtually instant, but sometimes it takes days. it's annoying to have to use a website every time you use an app.
excellent program. i am so impressed with this new app, it is very easy to use and very helpful for my construction business. i don't even have to go to the office to make an invoice i can do it right in my truck on my phone and send it. i can check on expenses... it's a breeze and worth the time to get to know this app and online program.
ok for readonly activities. don’t get me wrong, i love the qb online version i use from my pc. you will not find anything better for the price. but the ipad version just doesn’t do tons of things i want it to. it’s ok if you want to run a p&l or bs but i run dozens of different reports that are unavailable for some reason. again, ok for checking balances, just not nearly robust enough to bother with for accountants.
advancedenglish.com.br. the app is good, but there is room to improve, such as the option to assign an expense to a supplier.
works great, most of the time.. when it works well it is great, and that is most of the time! of course it isn't perfect and hangs up or doesn't update sometimes without explanation or reason. overall worth using though as i do often.
great app!. this app saves me so much time! it lets me run my business much more efficiently! wouldn't be quite as successful without it. it also has very professional invoices and estimates
great app. nothing like doing invoices from the phone!
great app  shame about the price. used this for almost 2 years now but need to find an alternative following a 70% price increase. it’s a shame, and it’s causing hassle for me in setting up my records with another accounting app but the only way we can object to such massive price changes is to cancel and leave.
. great app
. good but could be great i tend to use the app just to get a summary. would like it to have more of the features that qbo.
. app crashes all the time
awesome software. i'm a creative and figures aren't my thing, and i find it a dream to use. i'm so glad my accountant recommended it. having your accounts in the cloud just makes the whole laborious process a snip!
horrible update!. wow this latest update has messed everything up quickbooks was finally working good please fix! some of the words don't even fit correctly on the screen its all mixed together! and worst of all like others have said it no longer knows my clients email address i have to manually input!
. great program for small business
sales tax calculation is wrong. when creating an invoice, the app does not honor customer's sales tax setting. it applies tax even on customers with tax turned off. please fix asap!!!!
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
latest update is garbage. update: 1620 still a garbage app even after multiple emails back and forth with quickbooks development team and now it’s been weeks since i heard from them the app still don’t work even after new updates app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
. if you even subscribe to their free trial, they will call you dozens of times in a day. its too much. every time a new number, so i can't get rid off. heavy spamming. जीना हराम कर रखा है यार तुम लोगों ने
excellent for the it service provider. as an it service provider, this app allows me to log my hours and mileage in the field. i can even email customer invoices immediately after services are performed. this is, of course, paired with quickbooks online plus, which allows you to log hours per customer. highly recommended!!
. app start hi nahi ho raha he,add company karte hi restart ho jata he
. very nice.
fab. brilliant app that updates instantly, giving a visual handle on your business at any time. thank you
. love the mobile app. it's quicker to enter in info than the desktop , especially when your on the go. i just love that feature.
. great app for mobile business
. great app makes my life much easier.
useless app for working in qbo. only found 2 reports available through the app. can’t “drill” into figures on the 2 reports provided. cannot access expenses on coa can’t really get any work done.
. 1720 update  i had used the mobile app for android for quite a long time with no issue and then approximately one month ago after an update the dashboard no longer has any information and is blank. i can still see activity but there's no way to get to customers or any of the other functions. i've emailed previously with no response. previous review: works well for viewing quickbooks info and taking payments
. i have always been loyal user of qb. this app is great.
qb app. this app worked fine but up until this recent update there are a few glitches and it shuts down in the middle of updating and invoice!
. awesome business app
employees. just need a section where you can add employee start and finish times. which would be a huge help to keep track of hours on the fly
. i have trouble logging in the app won't let me it keeps saying my password is incorrect and i've reset it so many times and nothing works.
. having a horrible time with quick books. everytime i try to start the free trial just to check efficiency of the app so that i can go purchase it. but as soon as i go to enter the company name the app hangs and closes off.
life saver!. i absolutely love this app. when i first started out and i didn't have that many funds in the bank, this was one expense i didn't even have to overthink. after using quickbooks online app for only a week i knew i could never go back to organizing my finances on my own. i use it every single day!
. on the go always..this app helps me stay on the go!!
". terrible customer service, took my money for a monthly subscription, then did not activate my subscription and now after 3 days of 10 pm3 am ""customer service"" messages, resulting in absolutely nothing, richie more or less told me i'm screwed and intuit, inc is keeping my money and that i can try to get a refund from google for my intuit subscription. poor business. if anyone wants to actually see what richie says, message me and i'll forward conversations."
very handy. excellent app love it save me hours in office
great app!!. i love it! this program has totally transformed our family business!!
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
. easier to send invoices via the app than it is on the computer. only flaw is i can't enter a negative number for discounts but that could just be my phone and not the app. overall i highly recommend it for anyone.
quickbooks. i have been using quickbooks for about 3 years. i use the ipad version and the quickbooks online version. it does almost everything i would need it to do. i am really liking this last update.
. slow customer service meant i was unable to upgrade from qbse to quickbooks online. tried clear books instead, app is not great but otherwise they are a vast improvement, particularly the bank sync which is so much more reliable. i get the feeling qb have grown too quickly and do not have the infrastructure to support their customers.
"cheap. it's one of those slickly apps that pops up in your search result which is filtered to show only free apps. after you waste your time downloading and signing up, it tells you to start your free ""trial""."
easy, fast, convenient. love using this app! it is really easy to navigate and lets me do everything i need to very quickly. always in sync no matter which device i'm on.
. makes running my business so much easier
. great tool for a service business! create an invoice and get paid all at the job site in one easy app
. awesome app
great, but need voice data entry. especially when mobile device use ... talking to fill in fields would be so awesome ... maybe integrate dragon ... hey ... buy nuaunce to own it all ... the road to intuit world domination! oh, and yes, i am available to negotiate the deal!!!
. love this app.... only two things that i can't figure out. first, will not let me have a service date when making an invoice. most important, cannot figure out how to get it to accept the online payments thru ipn. on the desktop version it is highlighted on the invoice and in the email when its sent. other than those two issues, this app is great. would love to use this daily!
don’t update to ios 13 if you want this to work. there a so many bugs with this app now that ios version 13 has been released. you can’t even enter an expense now without an error popping up that you need to create a template. quickbooks online support has been no help. they advised i use the browser on my phone. what’s the point of the app then? test test test folks.
love it!. exactly what our company needed! easy to learn and use. have not encountered a problem yet! love quickbooks!
charge by stealth. i downloaded this app to try it out. before i knew it i was being charged $4.99 per month. my understanding is that it is free with in app purchases, but i never subscribed to this. i abhor these types of sneaky apps. i recommend you don't download it, or if you do, be very careful.
quickbooks. it’s taking a bit of getting used to but the more i use it the move i’m falling in love with it. it is so much easier than myob
. new to the program
multiple crashes. multiple crashes when trying to add expenses on the iphone.
access to every thing now. great app
life easier. i resisted quickbooks since the first time i used it years ago and it just didn't work for me. but now it's really easy to use except for a few things that the accountant will fix
. doesn't give the full qbo experience, if it is it's not the same ui edit  dislike that devs pick what they feel is most convenient.
. no services rendered, yet charged for full service payroll. no refund offered or given.
. can't add expenses. my husband has the mobile app on his iphone where we can add expenses. i do not see this option on android. bothersome.
changed our business. from the first version of this app with the online version of quickbooks, this has changed our business. no more scribbled notes on sticky paper or back of a student roster. sales are done immediately and nothing is lost or forgotten. my only request is to please add time tracking fit our instructors into the app, then it would be perfect!
mobile app works, but can be better. edit.. android works better now. i can see more info, but keep adding more features till it gets closer to the standalone program
app as of lately. every time  every single time  i open app, it tells me it must log out because it’s running critical updates. it worked fine until a week ago. not sure if it’s related to apple software but it’s getting old.
crashes constantly. i hate the mobile app so much. i will be talking with a customer and try to pull up their account and then it will freeze and crash. the worst.
. great app. easy to use
not reliable. app logged you out while you’re still driving or doesn’t log you when you need it to. this used to be a great app but then this glitch happen with it not logging in and logging you out when you don’t want it to and when you contact customer service there’s no help other than delete the app and redownload it relogin yeah that doesn’t work.
. dashboard is blank
. great can make invoices on site
quickbooks app is a perfect companion to quickbooks online. quickbooks app is a perfect companion to quickbooks online. it works seamlessly allowing you to read through your transactions and even create most of the common tasks. ( with the exception of vat tasks) qb online is the perfect accounts program
no longer loads. after upgrading quickbooks online, this app no longer loads on ipad or iphone. please fix.
crashes non stop on ipad. crashes non stop on ipad
worse than useless. i downloaded this app as use quickbooks daily, the pc software is great! the apple app is such a waste of time, i can’t access any reports and the info it does show me is a waste of my time just a load of numbers that don’t mean anything. no thought has gone into this app i suspect it’s just a tick box exercise creating an app...
owner. useful for small business. able to use mobile app and coordinate with online.
horrible mobile support!. this app has a ton of problems and nobody at intuit cares to fix it. app won't load half the time, invoices do not show up, errors all the time, signature capture doesn't work, and no support available for the mobile app. the only thing they know is to tell you to uninstall and reinstall it which fixes nothing! if they don't get their issues fixed, i am switching!
update is horrible!. i've been using qb online app for a long time. and it seem like the app finally had started to improve and now this latest update has caused some great frustration. i do not recommend updating totally get these glitches resolved.
. one of my top goto apps. very useful and a ton of functionality.
. some quirks, but overall great ap
doesn’t load (for me). app doesn’t load. tap on the icon and nothing happens. i hope no one else has this problem.
"too many missing features. can't add time entries, even simple ones, have to pay (a lot) for a third party app. not acceptable for a single user company that doesn't sell products, only time that needs to be tracked. can't view current ""sales"" status of unbilled items. can't email myself receipts and have them automatically entered as expenses bank transactions that i've excluded keep showing up. again and again. i'd like to configure away unused modulesfunctions from the menu"
junk. won't sign in crashes in sign in screen
excellent app. i am a accountant and this is excellent
. i use this it's very useful and cost effective
. bad tech support app has tons of errors had it for a year and a half and hate it !!
owner. great app. keeps me up to date.
update needed. for the past three weeks has not been tracking the miles. otherwise a 5 star app when working properly.
mileage tracking not working. the app works well except for mileage tracking
stops unexpectedly. i can never really depend on this app because it shuts down unexpectedly. i can't really get anything done on the mobile app.
". was a good app. now it will not exit upon entering an expense. upon entering all the info and clicking ""save"" it stays on the same screen. if you hit save 5 times thinking it's not working it saves the expense 5 times. you have to back out and click don't save the transaction but it will be there. intuit  please fix it."
great app. the quickbooks application allows me to quickly see my bank accounts, profit and loss statements, balance sheet, invoices etc.
support. very sad that for a pay per month app does not work properly. have emailed support on numerous occasions with no response.
. quickbooks technical support is very bad and technical support dont know about how to customised form of bill and showing in their theam but donot show in my bill how to solve it thay don't know ..... and my network speed is 5mbps but opening quick books need time 10  20 minutes to open ... i don't recommend any one for supscription or purchase .... this is a overall very slow software
. app don't update with bank account need to use desk top
best app ever. i am a tech on the go , and we made the switch from paper invoicing to quick books online. i cannot tell you how much this app saves me on time and frustration , everything is there at the tip of your finger. thanks intuit for making my work that much easier!
4 out of 5. great app! the only feature i wish was on here was the ability to write purchase orders and revise them, as it’s not available on the mobile app. other than that, it’s great!
. excellent app
smart. a easy and rewarding app
good app.. very nice program. works best with my ipad.
bank sync. errors while synching bank accounts for matching invoices. this is a basic function and not sure why they cant fix it. account shows as not deposited though its in bank. please fix this.
great when it works. i rely heavily on this especially the ability to email an invoice. lately i can't log in at all and when i do and try to send an email, all it does is give me a spinning wheel and then locks up. then i have to shut off the phone and restart.
. nice aap
great software. thanks
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
great flow. easy to use. quick reference. great app!
easy to learn. easy to learn good support. i would like to be able to upload invoices sitting in my iphone pdf or ibooks app, or even better, directly from my email attachments, into the qb app when i am entering expenses. currently i only have the option of entering a photo. best wishes, dee
great app. quickbooks online works really well, fits my needs as an independent consultant. the mobile app is great for keeping me current on the fly.
down hill. the app use to be great and every time i launch it it would use finger print to open, but now it is asking for a password every time i shut it down. it only asks for the finger print if the app stays running in the background.
. worst app ever. at best there is a 30 second lag when opening the app, at worst it freezes my phone up and i have to restart the whole phone. the app doesn't display most of my customer transactions. awful, ill be finding a new cloud based accounting service.
waste of time and slow. i didn’t even get past the registration. the app was soo slow and laggy when i was trying to put my details in i gave up. couldn’t imagine the amount of time i’d waste trying to write up quotes or invoices on it. avoid!!!
. its pretty good, but the scroll bar on the side of the expenses list is driving me absolutely insane because i keep accidentally scrolling and jumping through the list
. very helpful tool for smb owners, easy of tracking payments and expenses.. loving it..
. buyer beware. you can't cancel your subscription online or through the app like you would with any other subscription service. you have to call them and play phone tag for a while if you decide that this service isn't right for you.
great app. helps me stay on top of my business while away from the office and quickly send and receive invoices. love this app!
. great app
. great app
getting better. you can keep doing more and more on phone. great for us small business owners. it would be 5 but when i first downloaded there was not a lot to transactions you could complete on app.
ios app > than the web version. it is pleasantly surprising to see that the app is faster on the phone in comparison to the website! keep up the good work 👍🏼
simplifies. this app makes it really easy and fast to manage receipts and expenses.
decent. not bad not bad at all
a great improvement over the mac desktop version. it saves me tons of time that i used to spend recording payments, expenses and running reports. client payments are easily paid via credit card by the client and automatically applied to the invoice. it has simplified my accounting.
. so far keeps my books together and have no problems with using it!
this app makes being a business owner much more enjoyable. to be able to keep track of finances, outgoing & ongoing charges made all the difference for my small business.
changed the way we do business. i love this app. we needed something that we could easily use in the field. we can create estimates, invoices, receive payments and even attach check images to those payments. our productivity has skyrocketed. quickbooks has figured out the mobile accounting software. customers for life.
. awesome app!
. this app is rubbish. it doesn't do the single thing you'd think was necessary using phone camera to take photo of receipt to attach to transaction.
quickbook app is it working after updating iphone to the latest version ios 13. when you open the app it auto close. basically can’t open the app
. does not work right for 3 months and still not fixed...yet they still charge as if it were working
unable to sign in.... same issue many users are having with the latest update, i can no longer sign into my account with the app.
. like it but doesn't seem like it syncs with my phone app.
love, love, love!. as a court reporter my office spreads over six counties and numerous customers. it is so great to have this app at my fingertips to keep everything rolling smoothly!
". you broke the app!!! can't attach pdfs to invoices anymore!!! it litteraly worked yesterday, and today a ""new"" interface. make a deal with adobe and fix it now!!! update no your solution doesn't help. i already new i could do this on the desktop version. app is still broken and your proposed solution is just as useless as you have rendered your app. fix it"
latest app update. this update is terrible basically unusable please change it back asap
great app. works very well with the ipad. allows you to make invoices and notes on the go. much better being cloud based than pc based. it costs more but it definitely worth it when it comes to the convenience.
. this app requires a password even though i chose google login. if i need a password anyway, what's the point of a google login?! quickbooks online doesn't require it. disappointed and uninstalling. i have enough accounts as it is.
always crashes and says critical updates are needed.. constantly crashing. new photo software sucks. can barely recognize the edge of a receipt against a black backround. have to edit every single photo.
. great app
great so far. using quickbooks for the first time, so far, input is quick and easy. this app is making it possible to start my own business.
. great billing software
. good app for managing business.
good but need more adding. covers all your needs a lot of options, nice app, few missing things like no specific area for the barcode when you creat a new item. it’s friendly use but need more simplicity other than that it’s ok
. great app to perform some business tasks on mobile
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
. they said in your invoice that you can cancel anytime and it's not true! it has a glitch and i couldn't cancel it. make me lost two days trying to cancel it and then even charge me the month and did not give back my money. they went from 17 dollars a month to 40 dollars per month! don't never quickbooks
please add a “transfer” option on app. overall good app but would like to have a transfer option on the mobile app i find myself having to login to the desktop version just to transfer amounts between my accounts. also, someone please find a way to mark estimates as “readseen” by the customer just like the invoices do. ipad version needs help; jumps around too much
great app, very useful and always improving!. this app is the greatest tool in our businesses ability to streamline work, easy to use.
. it won't sync with my account and often won't open. update: after emailing my info to the email they responded with, i never heard back. i also called and was told that they'll work on it and email me. haven't heard yet, maybe next week.
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck."
this app makes billing so much easier, which gives me more time for other tasks.. it is a must have for small business owners, especially new ones.
awful app.. literally the worst business related app that i have to deal with. get ready to log in every six seconds and have no changes saved when you modify things. the idiotic data entry fields do not allow you to enter information half the time. if literally anyone anywhere came up with a program that would import my contacts and records from this steaming pile of junk, i would switch.
. i'm new to the app but so far loving it.
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
administrator. nice application.
. banking is better and easier with the quickbooks app
. great app foe reciepts
incredible. totally simplified my accounting.. i switched from sage to qbo and have not looked back. easy to setup and learn. can send invoices from my phone in seconds. i recommend it to everyone i know!!
not useful at all. this app was written by someone who does not understand quickbooks and its purpose. get back to basics please if this is to be used by us.
excellent accounting app. invoicing to my customers has become very quick and payments entry are the coolest which i found. secondly the one year 70% discount is the main which attracted me. i hope this discount continues i also go ahead with this accounting software app. the negative is that i am not able to connect to my local bank in uae for reconciliation.that's all from me. thanks for giving me opportunity to write a review.
. great app..
very limited... quickbooks is one of the best accounting tools out there... however this app is very limited. ipad is a very powerful device. but this app doesn't take advantage of that. things like: * auto save invoices to the files app * option to choose payment type * when you paste an email from the email apps, it doesn't recognize those emails.. * option to add company stamp and seal to the invoices
great app. i don't have any problems with the app, seamless integration with the desktop.
. great app. however, there is room for improvement (i.e. it doesn't yet allow me to do everything i can do in a desktop.)
dcs lassalle inc. op manager. trucking and rigging company local and long distance
no true inventory integration. so intuit is apparently letting the vultures take it on this one with letting a third party company charge you a hundred and forty on top of the $40 per month for plus... intuit should include a nice inventory app with qbop, i'm saying everything from being able to put a cost of goods that you put materials into an inventory item to taking pictures of items. where's the mobile support????
. literally couldn't even sign in. didn't recognise my details even though i'd just signed up and was forwarded to that page by the sign up process page. wouldn't send a reset password email. honestly totally worthless and wasted my time. non starter. not even worth an admin response as it's been deleted and the competition installed already.
app notifications. app has issues which never get fixed. always receive a bug upon opening, can’t connect to bank account until refreshed, deleted invoices won’t delete, i no longer receive notifications when customers make payments. tried reinstalling, nothing works. how do i get this corrected?
room for improvement. it is a great app. it has a lot of room for improvement. i need to be able to assign each expense to individual jobs so i can job cost. also i need to be able to create multiple jobs per customer, ie sub jobs.
invoice won’t work with ios 13. i’m trying to put a new customer in on a invoice and the app just turns black and white screen. plz update! i run my entire business off this app
great app. great for when you're on the go
. it's a great way to create quick estimates and invoices.
ease of use. being able to utilize the app on mobile has made billing my customers so much easier for my transport company. editing and immediately sending invoices for quick pay is a great option as well. i've been a quickbooks user for 20 years now and will likely not stop anytime soon.
***** updated latest.. very useful.
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
great app. this app is a great supplement to the mac version very very helpful
. am happy that it allows me to.make estimates from my mobile phone
doesn't sync. app doesn't sync with qb, banking features (adding expenses, vendors) also doesn't sync with online site.
an excellent tool for my onsite work!. for several years, i've used this app to instantly create invoices right at completion of the task. it never has let me down, and i walk out with payment!
used for many years but. intuit is increasing the price of quickbooks by 25% the next billing period. the app doesn’t support key functions that you can access online, for example adding multiple email addresses to one invoice.
can’t create pos in app. wish i could create pos in the app. we use qb online with shopify. i can only create a po to send to my distributor from my desktop. i am often away from my desktop, in order to send a p.o. from my phone i have to log on to the regular online edition through safari. i cannot use the app as i need it to function.
. app is not working in india
scanning receipt yet to be as effective.. i was using neat desk for scanning and it captures all bills. if quick book cannimprove receipt scanning for cab and other bills it will be wonderful.
frustrating. decided to go with qb to simplify my accounts and let me do them incrementally through the month. very disappointed that sync works intermittently and leaves gaps. may be returning to paper is it isn’t sorted soon
". pretty much a steaming pile of frustration. don't use it to record invoice pmts. the app will apply the payment not to your chequing account, or the account of your choice, but to some weird account called ""unapplied amount""."
learning curve and then it's awesome.. takes some getting used to but i've now got it and it's actually very useful and easy to use. integration between my pc and iphone make it easy on the go and sitting at home. estimates, invoices & expenses all in one app.
. my only complaint is if i'm writing or editing an invoice on the mobile app and want to put a discount i can't put a negative amount.
best app ever. it works awesome i recommended 100%
. great program! time saving system. wish i had estimate vs actual report.
. i was asked to update which i did and now it won't open
. slick app designed to make your business life better.
quickbooks online. 80% of business can be done from smartphone including invoicing and expenses.
. as a quickbooks user anytime i'm in need of the app it's been brilliant. missing a few key features, but as i mainly stick to the web version it's fantastic when needed
bad customer service and bad app. i’m use only one month is the most terrible app. never used this app
waste of valuable time.. all i wanted was a simple app to send 1 (one) out of state customer an invoice at the end of the month. my other 2 (two) customers don't really need one. took an hour to set it up and a couple more to figure out i was declined. just wanted something simple.
are you kidding me?. do i really have to download my company data every time i write an invoice or add an expense?! i have a feeling you are going to lose a lot of customers if you don't change it back to how it used to work. very dissatisfied with how long it takes to download company data.
quickbooks lies again. this app does not track mileage as advertised
not working properly after update #2. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. my books don't match from my phone to my computer. the pin still doesn't work, every time i edited an invoice it magically created a copy of an invoice that showed up 2 days later. now i have a ton of clean up to do in my books. it's time for me to find new accounting software.
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
. explain to me why i cannot screenshot anything any more? i have multiple customers that like to see their over all balance owed but now i can't send them a screenshot anymore. so you update the app to fix things, manage to mess up the one feature that worked best for me and still haven't fixed th spelling on the word supplies (it's literally spelt suppliea). great job!
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
. good interface, easy to navigate
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
. it works only ok. if there was a better 3rd party app, i'd use it. most of the time i'm frustrated using this app. either buttons don't work, attachments don't save, or some other random instability. i want to do more with the app and i want it to work every time. the design is questionable too. why are things labled differently than in the full version?
. an amazing business tool. once you learn its functions, it's like having a professional cpa 247 for all your financial accounting needs! highly recommend this app.
really useful. great app allowing me to raise invoices whilst on site, confirm details with clients and syncs with the software back at the office.
very convenient and up to date with technology. i love the ease of bookkeeping using this app. a perfect complement to my accounting software.
awesome app. great app to compliment the web based quickbooks program, made my accounting tracking and hassles a thing of the past.
. great app, much easier to invoice customers.
works for me. just wish i could do deposits in app
. doesnt download data keeps stuck at the download screen. was told to send an email to john_quickbooks@gmail.com and have not heard back from that address. how do they not have an @quickbooksonline.com support email for this stuff?
easy to use. no training necessary. links to desktop. love it
passwords. i signed up seen the expense and uninstalled it after looking at other apps i decided to return to this app but when i tried signing in it gave me a error message so i tried reseting the password and have entered my verification codes but still can not log in. i would like to possibly purchase the app but this is very difficult since i can't get in
no recurring transactions. why the hell would you make an app if it can't do any thing but read. i want to edit recurring transactions; edit and send invoices; and see every report. this is absolutely stupid, just sign in from a browser.
the most powerful option for business finances area. i love this app because i have access in my mac and then i can move to my bed with my tablet and continue working on my accounting so easy. the only thing that probably i would add is the access to the items, lists and charts through the reports, as is in the online and the desktop mac app.
loving it. been hunting for a simple app for managing the finances of my farm business. this helps me with capturing and analysis of all my expenses and income. the reporting is also amazing. i also love the fact that i can even get more stats and reports via the web. amazing stuff. already introduced it to quite a number of industry colleagues. truly an amazing app
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, dient handel banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
. very easy to use app!
. doesnt work!!!!
qb app no good!!!. quickbook online is fine where as the app has only limited features!!!
"soooo slow. i have been using this app for about three years , and it was very functional and useful, but now, almost every time i open it, it says ""downloading data,"" and stays there... for 35 minutes doesnt matter whether my phone is on wifi or cell coverage. i hope they fix this bug."
paypal integration very poor. quickbooks say it integrates with paypal and automatically downloads transactions. well, it does partly, but doesn't download into expenses the transaction fees with paypal here, meaning you have to do it manually. it will do it for an online purchase to the same account so why it doesn't work properly is a complete mystery and one support do not help with.
. nice concept but still have to buy additional app :(
does not intergrate with the desk top versions and is way more expensive. i bought the desk top version because i was told the app would work with it. now they are discontinuing the app and forcing users that need mobile access to use this, but it does not share data with the desk top version. it would not be so bad except that i bought and paid for qb for windows 2014 and is substantially more expensive in the long run.
works well on samsung note 2 & 4. i used the app mainly to create invoices when i'm out of the office. it's so awesome to be able to do this on the fly!
no more ios 8 support. disappointed that app developers are dropping ios8 support. not everyone upgrades the second apple comes out with a new ios
great. good app...need to be able to accept credit card or debit..i'm sure u guys are working on it
really good software. i just wish the software team will work on all the glitches and fix the way done windows freeze... also they need to add to quickbooks online and make it more flexible accounting wise just like the desktop version
incredible. this is an incredible application. if you're looking to intuitively streamline your business this is definitely the app for you!
. awesome. very easy to navigate. amazing to be able to do all this from my phone.
great app, very useful and always improving!. this app is the greatest tool in our businesses ability to streamline work, easy to use.
"works well for me and my needs. i am not a ""power user"" i don't run a multibillion dollar business. this program does more than i can hope to need or use. it is clean and clearly laid out. it does all that i need, and am likely to need, for the foreseeable future. i am very happy with this product."
. love this app, keeps track of all my expenses and payments from clients. easiest way to do estimates and invoices as well.
impossible to print packing slip from app?. i would give quickbooks a 5 if it wasn’t so dang hard to print a packing slip from my phone either through the app or quickbooks online. ugh.
. awesome app
amazing. so simple to use makes my life a lot easier as everything can be done literally within minutes
. someone is lazy this app does not work well will allied irish bank since the bank updated its security features and its been months i reported the issue no one wants to take action. sad enough is that i am still paying for it every month.
major flaw. the app ui is pretty good and i really like the interface. the problem is that a lot of my invoices are not even viewable on the app. basically anything that has a delayed charge on it won't show up so there is a major glitch there or something.
. best accounting app ever
. how to find bill for supplier in mobile app ?
awesome. great program
. they make it very confusing to cancel your subscription. i've been playing around eith my account for 30 mins and still can't find where to cancel my account and not get charged by them. i swear i'm not stupid either. also half the pages don't load when i need them.
limited functionalty. the app has limited functionality, can't see transaction details of any expenses and income accounts; can only see the assets and was told to use the browser version. can't drill down from a report to see the details of the transactions. touch id login is handy. so it's better to just use the browser version.
loveland ohio small business owner. love quickbooks. new users starting july 2012. it has helped keep things organized and if i mess up or question, which i have, their help people are awesome in working with me to explain or even help me undo my errors. kudos to the team trainers who trained the team and kudos to the team's who are patient with us on the phone calls!!!!
. easier to use service with website through browser. i like the idea of an app but it seems confusing and limiting at the same time.
app crashes. the app crashes immediately when i try to open it. i haven’t been able to use the app for a few months now which is quite disappointing considering i pay for its services.
ok. updates updates and more updates. what’s worse, arriving to a job site and it updating over the cellular network while a customer waits for me to invoice them. no update and it will not work. the concept and functionality is fine.
intuit. excelenta si detaliata
. great app i recommend to anyone and every one. thanks
mjm quality construction. great app. i can work from anywhere with internet connection.
. my exsprience was very pleasing. you guys are truly good at what you do! thank you! julius
great app. i love using quickbook on my phone. very easy to access and a quick way to send my clients invoice and get a signature! i'm definitely paying for this! it's the best app i could have downloaded to take care of business! 💯💯
should have been ready for io13. i waited patiently while running the io13 beta & this app not working. but now that the official io13 public release is available i have to give this 1 star, 0 if i could. the app just crashes!! quickbooks, you should have had your app ready way before this public release.
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol. why do you keep trying to fix what isn't broken. 21517 latest updates are a constant crash.
. needs to be better i use desktop version for my small business. desktop version is great but i refuse to use mobile. freezes every time i click something, selecting store location is unavailable. its a shame such a good program is way behind on mobile capabilities. please make mobile like desktop
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
great app but it buggy with lollipop. not able to use this app anymore when my samsung updated to lollipop. bummer!!!!
. love the app. really helps making estimates and sending email to customers. it can also keep up with profit and loss but i haven't been using it. habit of doing it myself
app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 .. app crashes in ios 13 & 13.1 . customer service had no clue
limited compared to quickbooks desktop. quickbooks online is just ok. it has some limits that did not exist in the desktop version. a lot of them have to do with assisted payroll. for example, the app does not tell you each pay period how much of a contribution to pay towards simple ira's and give you a chance to indicate whether they were paid. it just assumes it was done without giving you any notice. other limitations make it just ok.
cannot log into app. cannot log in.
. great app! easy to use.
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
. like others have stated, this was a great app until the last update. after a few tweaks the app is up & running fine now. every so often it will ask for me to log on again even though i just used it. other than that it works fine.
. excellent and simple to use
. sucks keeps saying i have update available but then everytime i try to download the upgrade i get error code 927 saying unable to complete download. with current app it doesn't allow me to look up past invoices. the things i use most are not on mobile app. all i do with it is print current invoices with my wireless eprinter and find customer contact numbers to call them. needs upgrading with more features.
quickbooks online google app is a must have. quickbooks online google app is probably the most convenient financial tool in a small business owners world. god send. www.c2kbookkeepingsolutions.com
. perfect! never have an issue & do not plan ever going to a different kind of software.
great app!. very userfriendly and convenient. great for people who are needing to create invoices and estimates and track expenses. the iphone app is fantastic!
has features the browser doesn’t. i can see addresses on the client list, and it integrates with maps to get driving instructions
it is very easy to use. the app may not have the power or flexibility of the web client, or pc installed application, but it works well and is very easy to use.
love it!. we use it for invoicing and i has been a great experience. we love that we can access from anywhere including our smartphones through the app!
great for a busy contractor!. i can send invoices or check on my bids from the job site. very convenient!
easy and user friendly. i have been using for 5 years
sweet baby jesus this is exactly what i need. it has never been so easy to stay so financially organized. as someone who os chronically disorganized this app is a blessing. definitely worth the price when you need to record your expenses and write receipts, invoices and all sorts of other business related things to be professional.
difference maker. love the program, made it much easier to price jobs, track paidunpaid invoices and keeps track of all business info
small bussines tool. perfect! for on people with small businesses that are on the go. this app makes my life easier! i totally wish it was cheaper!
. dashboard won't even populate. menu button doesn't work. i can only see recent activity. i can not use the app at all!!!!
superb!!!. this is a great app for keeping up to date with accounts. links to my bank accounts and intelligently matches transactions and remembers previous matches and entries. certainly deserves the name quickbooks based on how quickly i can enter my bank transactions. great for multiuser access and very easy to set up. overall this is much better than i expected.
. it's good but could be better. limited functionalities on the mobile app.
great app. great app
great app. app is never up today's with invoices. the app has become useless to me other than being able to find customers phone numbers and addresses. please fix asap.
. can't upload receipt photos even when fully up to date
. superb app superb app
no good color and texture of sreen. it hard to seen no c olor in photos
new receipt identification is much worse. the new version of the identification of receipts when taking a picture to upload to an expense is much much worse than the previous implementation. this version hasn’t worked accurately once in 30+ pictures, whereas the old version worked accurately 90%+ of the time. how does this stuff get through testing...? :
okay. this app would be perfect if it didn’t redirects me to safari to login every single time
not free. wish there was an app like this for free the soon i started free trial next step was if i wanted 3months and pay or have a small discount and still pay :
. this software has been critical in keeping track of invoices.
. so far not happy. it doesn't show my address nor phone number on quotations and i can't find a way to make it do so. also states 30 day free, then gives me a measly 24 hrs from the time of install to save with a monthly discount. ok, i'll bite. they immediately sucked my first monthly payment. where's this 30 day free trial? biggest thing is its extremely limited and not ready for prime time. poor release.
. thanks for making our financial records tracking make easier. software is amazing. suggestion: please add purchase order in mobile app.
. great app
useful but slow. quickbooks online in general is useful for sending out invoices and estimates on the go, going through expenses, etc... however the platform can be fairly slow and sometimes glitchy.
. this is what happens when a company gets too large. first app worked fine and then suddenly refuses to connect to my bank. customer service is a joke. reps were unable to figure out why error 103 kept appearing. after two hours on the phone i was then told it is a systems issue that needs its own ticket. two days later an email arrives stating that the issue is resolved. guess what, it wasn't!! come up intuit! you can do better than this
fantastic app. love love love this app. so easy to use, a must for any small business
i love it!. works great! love the accessibility, i use the app to send invoices easily while i'm on the go and my clients can pay online, through the invoices i send them. definitely worth every penny!!
. very hard and confusing to use i was lead to believe it would be simple and easy but having spent hours going back and forward i think im going to cut my losses and stick to letting my accountant do it all
all of my clients love it!. the ease of use is fantastic. i love that i can quickly load multiple accounts. the qbo app makes my job so much easier because my clients love tracking expenses and sending invoices on the go!
. there was supposed to be a 30day free trial and they charged me anyway this app is not recommended.
. app still sucks. just had to uninstall and reinstall again. happens about every 4 months.
the best accounting app for sme. great product at affordable fees..i love the constant improvments that you guys make..i own a chain of smartphone retailers and it working great for me..missing the fifth star because inventory options need some improvments other than that its great..keep it up!
downloads. automatic downloads have been taken away, you now have to go through the print page to save as pdf, then name the file and save from there. where as it used to automatically save and download with its own name. this app is getting worse.
. great app.
. major issues with app and desktop versions. back and forth calls to solve the issues. finally gave up and cancled. on the plus side, customer support on the phone was polite. however, the product itself isn't worth the trouble. this will be the third time i have called in asking about my refund, its been almost 2 months... still waiting.
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
great for both business and personal use. i have both complex personal and business financials and quickbooks is the best product i have used to date to track both. there is a bit of a steep learning curve to use it, but once you learn the software it is very powerful.
easy for new users. i have a virtual operations management consulting company & use qb for invoicing accounting. i find it simple to create, send & receive payment from my clients & recommend them to use it as well.
expenses. how do add an expense thats on a 30 or 60 day account?
what a joke. i am not a software developer and who ever designed this joke is not one either
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
not able to login. never download this app. i have reported this error many times to the quickbooks support team. till this date they haven't even just looked into this issue.
glitchy. freezes regularly, can't send invoices quite often.
new update 115. the new update is horrible!! i used to be able to search customers by address and the search bar is gone. also, whatever screen i choose to be in, i have to fully close the app out to go back! what happened?!?!
. so far go good. very nice app for tracking my business
. love that there is the mileage and receipt tracker now. i was disappointed when there was an entirely separate app and to see these added has made me very happy
. it's better easier than what they made the desk top version into.
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
loving it. since the most recent update, i am loving this app!
. crashes every time. hasn't opened successfully once. tried reinstalling and restarting tablet.
not bad needs a little work. online is getting better with each update. i love the update with the option to deposit money in different accounts
invoicing. i use quickbooks as a means to invoice customers and collect deposit for jobs. for me it's worth it. it would be great if you could get a notification that the customer has decided to pay by credit card should you need to adjust your estimate.
i love it!. works great! love the accessibility, i use the app to send invoices easily while i'm on the go and my clients can pay online, through the invoices i send them. definitely worth every penny!!
simple. très facile à utiliser
great. perfect app for my business accounts on d go
useless app. takes forever or even never to load
hideous to use on smartphones. before accessing, must always get email code, and switching screens hides quickbooks application. then, can't access checking account balances. very typical of a quickbooks experience.
. great app making it easier to track all of my business finances. and the fact that i can connect it to my other business apps saves me so much time.
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
on point. this app is on point and efficient at helping take care of financial details, needed to avoid tax issues.
. does want to launch properly on huawei p30. android version 9 please assist.
great app!. i have used quickbooks for years and love their software. this application takes their wonderful software to a whole new level. the mobility and ease of use are excellent! the app is well built and very easy to use. it integrates well with your main quickbooks program and syncs all your data in real time. a+++
still useless for me. all i want to do is add my time activity and delayed charges for my clients via my iphone. that's my necessary daily task. i don't need to look at my balance sheet every day, change my company information, or customize my default email message with my iphone.
dont waste your time. the support on this app is non existent. signing up is a slow impossible process
great mobile app. perfect for my mobile power washing company as all my customers and estimates are available at the touch of a button no matter where i am!
very easy to hand on. cloud solution made bookkeeping much easier
great app. only thing missing is the ability to track billable time with clients
. web version is working but not the app.
easy to use. great place to start. use plug in apps to boost productivity.
. there are too many things that it can't do so i end up back at my desktop. uninstalled.
. this is a easy to use app and makes keeping track of finances easy i'm still having no problems using quickbooks and it just gets easier and easier . and if you need help the team is there , i recommend this especially if you have no real experience u swing an accounting system
. am trying to login, wont let me, technical problems. i have all my expenses in there...
quicken & quickbooks been around since the 80's. fantastic accounting software. great for anyone to use. teach your kids!😄😍😘💖💎💎💎
unreliable. seems to have several issues when using apple products. macipad or phone.
. very user friendly
. i use this app for my small business, and it's fantastic everything i need and then some. all in an affordable package,and it's simple to use also.
i was using quickbooks desktop. i really like using quickbooks online, especially like the synching, capabilities; it is much more convenient to login with any device.
ios 13 and later app crashes. the app works well prior to ios 13.0 when opened in an iphone running ios 13 later, the app crashes after faceid login.
great for mobile. i have enjoyed using the app. has what i need for most part.
the best. would have a hard time keeping up with everything without this program. works great!
. does everything a small business could ask for!
. 1 star : i have been inundated with advertisements are so much i went ahead and download it it just so that i could give it a review. hopefully they will not continue to bug me with youtube videos and all these unimportant advertisements i didn't ask for in the first place.
yesenia menendez. i love it, makes my life easier and is great for my business.
. piss poor app most of time it don't work keeps saying error. very disappointed
great little app. i do emergency call outs and can log in and keep up with my book keeping on the fly.
. this software has made it possible for me to run a business having no prior experience, and not really being good at budgeting personally. recommend it at the drop of a hat.
works great!. i am a new business owner and i have qb online on my pc, ipad and iphone. it is great to be able to record expenses and take photos of the receipts right when it happens rather than waiting until later and possibly forgetting. no issues found so far!
great!. the ipad qb app works great! as a plus the support and development people are very respectful and helpful when it comes to suggestions to make the app even better. to be able to be completely mobile for a small business means you can be more efficient and get paid faster. the only thing the app is lacking is signature capture and then it will be everything you need and there will be no need for apps like invoiceasap.
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
. great app, can generate invoice on the go and get paid!!!
nice app that works well!!. works well, well thought out and presented. helps me day to day for sure!!
this app is useless on android.. i can not believe that this app is this bad. i can only see customers invoices that i have been to in last 2 months. i use to be able to see 10 years worth of invoices. please fix asap. unless you can carry a laptop at all times which is not practical this again is useless.
quick book rocks. best accounting package ever made. it links to your bank . cards directly. no need of much accounting knowledge. provide login to your accountant. operate from anywhere.
quick books online is awesome. this app and online software allows you to send estimates that customers can approve electronically then after its approved and the work is done the same estimate transitions into an invoice at the push of a button. after the customer pays, that information can be easily stored for tax purposes. awesome!
. app crashes every time i try to go into banking section. have kept giving it a go over last 12 months as desktoponline versions are brilliant but mobile version still crashes
great app and fair prices. i do all my business through quick books and have had no major problems. the rates on credit transactions are equivalent to any other clearing house and at $30 a month to automate my process is a life saver. great simple to read reports too.
better than xero. brilliant app. seamless to use. all of my clients now use it!
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
. good app need less pricing for subscription
don’t use the pay options.. app is great but don’t use the pay option. it took a week for the money to hit my account.
intuitive and very useful!. i'm surprised at how easy this app is to use and how much functionality it has. i'm able to do pretty much all of my typical day to day tasks within this app. it's extremely useful to be able to quickly put together an estimate for a client from my phone or categorize a transaction. intuit, you've done a great job here!
quickbooks. does everything i need it to do
. i do everything from my phone or tablet. this makes things so much easier
great app. i use this everyday and love it. very easy to use.
almost there. the developers are working hard at making this the best accounting package for smes. especially ones whose top management actively participates in reviewing reports. great for compact companies. great for hands on ceos. please check other reviews for page organisations and their experience.
excellent on the go apps  for small business. easy to navigate .
what happened to this app??. the quickbooks app used to be a 5 star, user friendly, reliably functional app. since december this app has had issues with freezing, crashing, randomly logging the user out and overall has ran extremely slow. i’ve noticed this on the app for mac as well. while trying to run a business, it would be really nice to have a working invoice and bookkeeping app. please fix this
. app wont log in to my samsung phone, tried a number of different things including deleting data and cache as well as uninstallinstalling it. i know my account is fine because it works on my apple phonecomputer with no issues. please help!
. good app very good addition to qb online really convenient. no issues or problems so far and seems quite secure. simple to use
functional and practical. love the cloud software, love the app.
the. boss.....app
. love it. customer service is fabulous. it just keeps improving!
beware the wifi!. after a recent update the invoicing does not work over wifi. forced to do invoices over my iphone on the network. fix it!!!!
comprehensive app for a small business. i have excellent experience and is easy to use with all functionality that i required. have tried xero, myob as well but quickbooks stand out for me as far as feature & function and good value for money.
user friendly!. this is definitely the bookkeeping app for anyone who is not attuned to being a business owner
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution update; tried your solutions and emailed the error to support multiple times no response. i created another trial account and that one retrieved data no issue. it just wont retrieve data on mobile from my actual company account.
great accounting. the app is great and syncs perfectly with my quickbooks online account. makes billing from multiple sites quick and easy on the go.
. we love quickbooks! it helps you to stay organized and keep track of your income and expenses so when tax season comes you have it all ready. we have found it very useful!
mobile app. convenient and easy too use!
efficace. je suis seul dans mon entreprise et ce service me permet de créer et consulter n’importe où mes factures et autres éléments. l’interface smartphone est géniale en ce qui me concerne.
. this app will let you get control of your finances. you pay the bill, and you take a picture of the bill. it's that easy!
. good program overall, just wish i could run both my companies on it like i did on the quickbooks pro software without having to pay for an all new license.
great app. love this on the computer and really love the mobile app! it's great to be able to get things done anywhere.
easy to use. with our business at the end of our fingertips, quickbooks provides the ease required to manage our income and expenses quickly and effortlessly. having used most of the other leading brands, we find this is the best by far!
how can a customer approve an estimate??. why do you have the electronic signature function available for the ipad and not android?? it defeats the purpose of having a tablet on the job site. i may as well stick with my 3 part form.
. problem tried to sync my company data, refresh it. and now the app crashes as it is loading my company invoices. it seems to log in fine. just gets hung up when trying to load. was working great at the end of last year. but now it won't work....please help! i was using the app a lot. just want it to work again. p.s. i am using a galaxy s4 android 4.3 thanks!
amazing!. this just made my life much more easier to manage my small business! well done!
. excellant app helped taking the stress out of book keeping
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
. nice program! make it so i can bank on droid and it couldn't get any better.
love it. easy to use and understand. have recommended it to everyone i know. great app.
. works very well for how i use the app within my business.
. makes my small business accounting much easier for me. i can send invoices, quotes and pay bills all from the comfort of my cell when i am on the road between jobs.
love it!. makes tracking my business expenses super easy.
clumsy, error prone, price has doubled.. not a completely trash service, but it hasn’t gotten any better despite company promises. price has doubled since i initially joined. ipad app bugged, today i tried to enter an invoice payment, no joy. tried to leave service last year and the year before. exporting info was a nightmare, and impossible on mac, effectively leaving me held hostage. cancelling service at end of year as i’d rather try a different online accounting or simply go with a desktop version.
great app. helps me keep everything straight with my business when i'm on the go.
. useless app. can't integrate one of the biggest bank of australia (cba) with this app. support is just forwarding issue from one team to other. wated almost one hour on the phone. solution is to forward the issue to next level. there are three companies under my account with same name. cannot delete company. how app allow to create three identical names?? wast of time and money.
. great app! use this to manage my small business finances. everything you need in one place. also accept payment directly through the app! recommend this to every business owner.
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
. my experience with qb has been great. its fast easy to operate .
good program. works different than internet. that causes some head aches.
another weak quickbooks mobile app. once again, with excitement i upgrade only to be letdown. when will intuit make a full function app? i love the message that tells me the function isn't't available for my device but i can access it from my pc...great, i'm still tied to my desk! why bother with the mobile app then?? i love how i can only rate this useless app once in the lifetime of having it,i would give it no stars if i could!
couldn't ask for more. vary good app with great integration with cloud web service. i have been using this app along with desktop cloud version with my business for little more then a year now and find it vary useful and the app tops it off being on the road with no access to computer as long as they continue to upgrade and offer quickbooks online with app i will subscribe
. awesome app works well
. great app
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app. please fix asap pleasseeee
. i am a quckbooks junky, but i have to agree with the comments. this app needs to link to quickbooks. it is useless. i love everything else qb does. i've used them for over 11 years. i really can't praise this company enough. super excited about the app for integrating affinity live!!!! just synced it.
great app!. only complaint is i wish i could create a invoice and with the total job and then invoice for a smaller amount keeping the job total on the same invoice if that makes sense. no other complaints. overall i would recommend to anyone!
. works great, i love this app.
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software. update: this was a problem they had seen and were working on. they fixed it and informed me of the fix a few hours later. working now.
. i think this app is not a bad idea. just that it doesn't have where i could upload my logo. buh all same it's a very cool app
quick books. great app
. awesome app, extremely useful to track finances.
. this version of quickbooks app works great. very happy.
. it does the job.support is good!
app is good support is horrible. call qb for basic questions lady name amanda hang up on me.. dial back in the she place me on hold for 15 minutes
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
love it. done right.. finances done right. only quirk is the need to type password fairly regularly, plus only prompted touch id some of the time. apple watch app often wants me to log in on phone first.
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
. been using this app for almost a full year was working great, now get error and will not sync data. if it does not get fixed will be forced to move to different accounting solution update; tried your solutions and emailed the error to support multiple times no response. i created another trial account and that one retrieved data no issue. it just wont retrieve data on mobile from my actual company account.
app doesn't refresh with changes. the app doesn't refresh right away making it appear as though changes i have made aren't saved. however, when i get back to my computer all of my attempts to make changes like adding customer payments have been saved. for example, one time i had the same payment recorded 3 times.
love it!. i am a locksmith, need an easy and efficient easy to manage invoicing, books, transactions... qbo has saved me hours every night logging and sending invoices, billing, and balancing my books through my bank. i send invoices on the fly now, and all of the related bookwork is completed simultaneously... seriously wonder how i found the time to complete everything this does for me from my phone or tablet in my car. a real time saver!
quickbooks. absolutely great piece of software making my business so much easier to run.
great app. loving it  i love keeping track of expenses on the go and how it syncs with quickbooks online.
new ios too many bugs. cannot open customer invoices. please correct asap!
best business app. quickbooks has definitely made running my business much more efficient and has made it easier to close on deals. the estimate tool makes it easy to send professional looking estimates to clients, and with a click, those estimates turn into invoices. you can receive payments through quickbooks as well. add the payroll service and you can run the whole business yourself. i would definitely recommend this to any new business start up.
if i wanted a kick in the groin, well... i'd of watched the leafs with great hopes of the playoffs. that said, this app is the biggest chunk of dog crap in the history of humanity.. dumpster fire
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
four leaf hvac. love the app. makes my life a lot easier.
limited compared to quickbooks desktop. quickbooks online is just ok. it has some limits that did not exist in the desktop version. a lot of them have to do with assisted payroll. for example, the app does not tell you each pay period how much of a contribution to pay towards simple ira's and give you a chance to indicate whether they were paid. it just assumes it was done without giving you any notice. other limitations make it just ok.
best app. amazing!
. great app
would like to see. new user, so maybe i'm missing something, but there should be a way to create an expense report and bill it to a customer.
good app i’ve grown fond of. makes my life 5 times easier. definitely worth the money
. this app works really good makes owning a service business simple. love that i can get done at a customers house and send an invoice
amazing app. everything in one
. can't create journal entries. super slow app, super slow pace of mobile app feature rollout
. free try option does not work. what's the fun of offering trial that doesn't work
poor app not intuitive. some features are good, but (and it is a big but), the desktop app does not work, the web app is poor and the iphone app almost forces you to make errors, which you can't seem to undo. this is a waste of money. if the app were more intuitive and flexible then you'd have a winner. for now you won't be putting accountants or spreadsheets of business.
"works great for my business needs. i can send estimates quickly and they look professional. one feature i really enjoy is knowing my customer has viewed the estimate! occasionally the ""+"" arrow doesn't seem to respond on the app... otherwise i'm very pleased. dc"
. this app sucks can not access anything very frustratung have to go to desktop on my phone its a nightmere going to look for something that actulay works from a moble device takes to much time fighting to use sucks
more features like desktop version!. needs to be further refined to include functions and features like submitting statements. simple stuff that just isn’t possible on the app version.
garbage. app stinks
. customer service is absolutely horrible. signed up yesterday online. found out customizing invoices function has been broken for 3 months. call this morning to cancel subscription and get a refund. they're answer basically was we've got your money we're not going to refund it. you have been warned stay away from quickbooks
. great app very user friendly. the mobile app is still a bit limited as i cant do statements from it but once on the laptop everything can be done
. using it for years no problems
. the app has been very glitchy lately, and i haven't been able to sign in for the past week. most of my business is on the road. its becoming very inconvenient.
. excellent app to get into your data on the road. i understand more functionality would be useful but being able to raise & query jobs and send out estimates & invoices 'in the wild' on my mobile phone is a real asset.
. i've used qb for 8 years. this app is the better and more seamless than the pc version. love the capability to invoice customers on the job, record payments and send a receipt in seconds.
. i love the app! there are a few updates i'd like to see on the estimates and order entry fields but it's still saves so much time. it really has changed the way i do business. great app and program.
. great app a bit overwhelming at first with all the features.
how did i run my business without it?. i do half my estimates and invoices on the go with this app. saves me so much time!
. not all customer payments showing on android, on iphone was no issues except some crashes from time to time and signing out by itself.
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
. poor customer service. substantial amount of time wasted trying reach a human.
love it.. i love this app. easy to use and is pretty reliable within little downtime. however i would like more options like inclusion of sku numbers and the ability to pay for subscriptions within the app.
. i used for years and worked great the online quickbooks. if cancelling, be careful because it has glitch and it is hard to get the refund.
comptroller. qb exceeds my expectations of an accounting software programme . the programme was initially suggested by a major accounting firm.
please add a vital function. need to add bills but can't. how ridiculous to not have this function. adding bank deposits etc. surely it's time to add this to the app. for me it's unusable
amazing!. this app undoubtedly helps running multiple businesses on the road possible! when i finally switched my businesses from desktop to online there were a few things missing. i wrote a few complaints and spoke with their development team...few short months later...boom! additions were made! one if which is being able to switch businesses within the app. definitely much easier than logging in and out all the time.
this has helped me have a life. without this software i would be buried in paperwork . it helps me stay organized. i have been using one version or another since 2003. thank you
incomplete. the mobile app is not very useful compared to the online version, missing so many functions! like time sheets and billing be with them!
doesn't work. app doesn't sync all data with quickbooks online. i see only my company name and customer list. no invoices, expenses etc. intuit support we're not able to help.
customer service and functions. you can be completely locked out upon renewal of your subscription. it has locked me out of entering for the last six days. tech support has been pretty useless at fixing it. with all the other flaws the online program has, avoid with every thing you have. you get no back up, high incompatibility, and many accountants hate it. your emailed invoice has a habit of hitting the spam bin,it isn't even compatible with other intuit products. avoid avoid avoid
. neat and organized. a satisfying way to use business tools! it makes everything easier.
. i have called customer support twice now. each time, i am greeted by an overly friendly person who barely speaks a word of english. either time was the agent able to even understand what i am asking for. they could offer no help, they would not transfer me to someone else. i am left all alone here trying to navigate a program and run a business. i have no idea how to get any help from these people. thank goodness for youtube!
phone app fail. what ever opinion you have of qbo ... the phone app fails. it will not let you see the estimates and invoices for a customer. they exist, in your system but they do not show up in the app. everything else.... any other feature discussion... it's all irrelevant. if you can't view basic customer info, the app fails.
easy to use. maybe better than the desktop app...
latest update won't open!. latest update crashes immediately.
. very easy to use and saves products for quick invoices!
good app. it's a easy app to use.
. this programapp has paralyzed me from carrying out business transactions and estimations due to a failure in the app being able to sync my data for 3 days now, customer support is next to nothing when day after day they told me i will receive an email once the issue is resolved. i am losing money and this does not seem to be a priority for quickbooks.
. that this app has great potental.
heatingcooling guy. trying to use the app. nothing is happening, app opens and it’s blank this morning. preformed an update too, still nothing. garbage app, sorry.
shwetha. super app
love it!. this app is great. i can almost do everything i need to on it. great way to check accounts on the go.
smart. smart move to have quickbooks for a small business owner. makes it easier to do my job  one man show !!!! ces lico
. no option to cancel subscription! don't subscribe!
new version stinks. one of the main reasons i use the app is so that i can pull up my customers entire transaction history when i'm out in the field. the previous version did that beautifully. other problems as well.
perfect app for consulting. fantastic app! highly recommended. very easy to use with ability to track invoices  it's perfect for my consulting business.
useless for sure. qbo is useless. can’t login with google account. forces me to create a newseparate password. can’t really access qbo via a browser on ipad. overall terrible experience. i’m sure it’s equally apple and qbo fault.
missing a major key demographic.. although a good application, there are some things missing  like the ability to do business income taxes for t2 (corporations). this feature should be able to send those docs to cra in a format that ready to go. especially when small business corporations are being targeted in the media. help make this easier  there's no reason this feature should not be incorporated into the software.
. easy access to receipt and monitoring funds made and spent
. best app to have to keep updated!!!!
. i have been a happy customer u till this new update every time i try to logon it keeps saying the internet seems to be offline... now i can not update my sales n payments
easy to use. as a small business i find this to be a fabulous experience of accounting software integrated across all my various devices. i feel far more in control of my books than any other format or program i have used before. highly recommend this to any mobile business.
credit card payments. with this new update, i cannot select payed with credit card without being prompted to swipe a card. i use square for my credit card transactions, so i don't need to use qb. only cash and check can be selected now.
great app!. i'm in love with this app, too bad that the proadvisor app doesn't work as sharp (doesn't work at all).
"useless. i use quickbooks online extensively at my corporate office. this app, and what is available through the ""mobile"" website version of qb online, is useless for getting any work done outside of the office."
so simple and quick to use. i have downloaded the app and have been using it for my self employed hairdressing. it is so easy to use and because i use my phone often it's great to pick it up at the end of the day and track my takings in which means i never have to worry about not being up to date. i would highly recommend this to anyone who wants an easy and simple way to keep detailed accounts!
so close. please add the ability to create sharable links to invoices from the mobile app. that would be incredible
quickbooks online mobile. wonderful app to allow access from anywhere, from any device. i especially appreciate the increased usability from mobile devices. i did not have to lug my laptop on vacation, but was still able to stay in touch, and function as needed.
quickbooks mobile app. awesome app that let's me quickly and easily access and review what is happening at my business especially when i am away!
stopped working after the update. this was working great until the software update last week. now i end up creating multiple copies of invoices and estimates and the app just freezes on the saving screen. i can only finish off by logging in through a web browser and completing the task. please fix this fast intuit!
unable to signin🙅. moto g turbo : error says i don't have online subscription,reported via email, no response😡
perfect. best thing going! i love being able to invoice on the move
. bad app does not sign in after sign up
. good mobile app for finance
. quick easy useful
works for me. no problems, been using it every day for almost 2 months
good app i’ve grown fond of. makes my life 5 times easier. definitely worth the money
. i have seen personal budgeting apps that have better user experience than this. here just some of the glaring issues:  it forces you to relogin alot, and it does not support google signin, which means you have to retype a complex password every single time  you could use pin login from settings, but it is useless..  it forces pin code reentry everytime you use the camera or switch to another app.
newest update ruins app. after updating my app touch id no longer works and i can't receive payments and clear invoices anymore also it makes me sign in every time i open the app , before this update the app worked perfect and deserved a 5 star rating , you have ruined it and made it unusable , you need to fix this.
app crashes. everything was great until one day the app crashed. now crashes every time i open it. reinstalled and same issue. help????
update killed the app. after this last update i can't save to add payments or invoices. can't even take a credit card. it's killing me.
frank. this app is amazing. it is exactly what i needed to start my business. it makes it quick and easy to do your estimates, invoices, and keep track of all your accounting needs.
keep getting stuck. this is the first time i am using this app and in keep getting stuck after every two, three transactions
need more. still few things are missing which company shd built like units. serial nos etc
not bad. could use improvements but will get by in a pinch when you don't have access to your main computer. 82317 update 1 year later..... my review stands. too many things you can't do compared to full version on my desktop mac computer.
can't view customized reports. nice app. not very useful for tracking your business through reports that you have setup using quick books online. what's the point of having your company books in your hand if you can't track the information you need?
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
. fabulous for some things great for running my small business. still lots of room for improvement in user friendlyness.
quickbooks app. does not work well. needs a lot of improvements. each time i back up my files i end of with multiple copies on my ipad. have called several times and each time they blame the app developer which i have contacted but never heard back from them. poor program that needs fixing to get it up to good standards. do not recommend until they fix problems.
business on the run. quickbooks online with the ios app make operating a travel based business on the run simple. log invoices as you go. input estimates along the way. print and mail or email all at once at the end of the day. not to mention the helpful reports and expense management. i couldn't run my business without it.
. the only thing it does is say my account doesn't include mobile app use, i try to log in from the browser and it shows the same message....so much for trying to give you money, i'm off to look for something that'll help me keep track of my business and let me log in.
awesome interface. awesome app. that's what it says it will do. the only problem is when i log an expense it attaches receipts as images and not as pdfs. also i do not like the image scanner it doesn't trim around the edges of the receipt. i end up having to use a pdf scanner and then attach the receipt in quickbooks online in a browser.
unusable. doesn’t connect to my account.. every time i try to login it says there is no company associated with my account. it works fine through a mobile browser or desktop browser. the app is completely unusable, how convenient. tech support says there is a glitch...you don’t say.
happy customer. i love this app.can do my invoices everywhere on my mobile or tablet.
. great app
"new to qb app. love it, but needs a ""statement"" tab"
. only started using quickbooks last week but so far so good. will update rating when i am 100% au fait with and satisfied with the program.
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
worth the price. i am a small business owner, i was having to write out estimates and bills but since i have this app....... life is way easier!!! now i have more time to do the work and less hassle with the paperwork.
why do you need so many permissions?!. why the hell would quickbooks need to use my microphone, contacts, wifi, camera, location, calender etc etc. if these are features, let us turn them on inapp rather than forcing us to let you profile us and sell our data
. clunky, ugly app with barely any features. there's no way to refresh your banking data within the app, though navigation and ux is so awful i maybe just can't find it. no consistent design standard throughout with multiple different menu types, navigation styles, presentation. almost no graphics, just pages of text. invoicing, expenses and tracking are all so horrible i'm forced to use the (also underwhelming) browser version. how did this pass quality control?
. after new update app stuck on dashboard. unable to perform work on app. please fix this issue
. the app is excellent!!!
worthless app. i was excited to find this app and, unfortunately, downloaded it. i really cannot figure out what is good for other than creating invoices. confusing when you open the app, it does not get better as you get into it, not that there is anything to get into. i run a small non profit & just found this app useless, except for taking up space. what a pity as i have been a qb user for years.
unhappy. bad program for ipad and android phone. bad customer service. very dissatisfied.
useless staff. staff are useless and argumentative charged twice in 1 month over the price agreed then the argue it’s my fault literally like talking to a brick wall use free agent it’s free and just as good
touch id is pointless. needs work!. the new update was supposed to fix the touch id issue. you can log in via touch id. however if you kill the app or restart your phone, you need to log back in using your password. what is the point? i want to log in via touch id everytime. that's what it's there for.
. best app for doing business on the go! best customer service by far!
struggle. guys i've been struggling to log in onto this app from my galaxy s6 for several weeks now, i'm considering switching to another provider. please fix this bug. ive tried for hours at a time, everytime it asks me if i am a robot, but it never logs in just hours of saying signign in. the whole point of having this app is being able to do stuff on the go and right now thats not working...
. intuit sucks! scamming company ran by non english speaking reps. bought simple start 2007 for 125.00 with online access ,etc. in 2010 they ended all support for this software. that is shady. they promise you all these free services and then years later a foreigner informs you that all support has ended. to better serve there newer products. they suck.
. needs registers and accounts
. was wary, but the convenience is worth a lot until the latest update. now i cant sign on. been a week since they told me there was an issue. still not resolved. spent several hours on hold listing to garbled elevator music that can not be turned down. customer support blows.
awful. iphone app pretty much unusable in the real world. always wants to be signed in each time you open it, touch id feature doesn't work. today it's complaining the app needs to be updated before i use it, it then directs me to the app store where it shows i already have the latest version!
. freezes often and takes ages to recover
good app. .
needs to be full featured. i love the program but hate that i can’t do into my vendor bills on the app for ipad. i can’t enter them in or view them on ipad. i can on browser view but even it needs to update as everything gets cit off in chrome and when you click the menu button to hide it it does not slide everything over so you can see more.
decent. works for me..
. quickbooks support is worse than horrible... customer service is not reachable and they do not give proper timely responses for queries raised online... this is a product that has zero support options!!!
hate it. i officially hate this program and will be changing to another accounting software in july. i have been using quickbooks since 2000 and used to love its simplicity but it has become time consuming and harder to use. make a mistake...can't fix it. if you are away you can' access all the feature using the app  you find a computer and log on.
need better multicurrency functionality. ... an ok app to review transactions and do some basic entries.
crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.. crashes. app is unusable after ios 13.0 update.
needs work & capability. for those of us that work on the road and try to reconcile books daily, do not depend on this app because it is nonexistent. no reconcile function whatsoever. i hope their team listens to our feedback because we can jump ship on any given day.
owner. great mobile app, keeps my company on the move!
. i like the software however it is still a bit confusing. i will need to spend more time training
app crashes in ios9. this app was working great before the recent update. app just crashes when i try to open. i use an ipad 3rd gen running the latest version of ios9. please fix!!
great to app to have. loving the app. i would give it 5 stars if it was able to function the same or close to the online version.
good software. this software is very awesome. i work for the company but also use it for my own personal budgeting and it is extremely helpful but there are still a lot of bugs that need to be worked out with this app so that all the information updates correctly.
. very happy with this product
useful app for sure. thanks for the refresh feature, will definitely make my job easier. 5 stars.
iphone app is the worst. the iphone app doesn't work. their customer service people admitted it doesn't work. don't even try to use it  too frustrating and a big waste of time. online version and ipad versions are good but too limited for price  reports can't compare year over year
. i got the app working. it would be better if you could attach receipts to your expenses within the app. like the self employed app does.
"great app. great app. would be good to have a salesinvoice report that sorted by ""service date"". thanks :)"
very happy. i love this app for my business
. takes awhile for the accurate data to load. you have to refresh a few times. does not pull up anything when selecting any kind of activity on a customers account.
used to love it.... ever since the app was updated, i can no longer get past the sign in screen on my galaxy note 5. at least it still works on my ipad i guess...
. simple to navigate
. easy to use and very intuitive. great app!
. makes my home business so much easier.
. major issues with app and desktop versions. back and forth calls to solve the issues. finally gave up and cancled. on the plus side, customer support on the phone was polite. however, the product itself isn't worth the trouble. this will be the third time i have called in asking about my refund, its been almost 2 months... still waiting.
managing partner at green mesa capital, llc. a very useful app. i can do everything i want through this app. in addition, the app has features the browser does not have, like the expense receipt capture.
. easy use for on the road estimates and invoices.
. doesn't work
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
. already did all that: reboot, kill reopen, clear data, network change, reinstall, but it didn't work. have been working with michelle from your team to help out. today it miraculously is working again! what happened?
. my wife has this app and it works well for her business. i got this app based on her recommendation but unfortunately it has been full of technical difficulties. several hours wasted on talking to tech support and was told the tech team might resolve issues in a week. all details of my invoices are erased and wrong dates are shown on all invoices amongst other problems. wish they could solve this faster, has been very stressful experience so far for me.
app ruined. this is getting old. the app seems to be unusable every time an update heads out way. my invoices are showing old data, are not updating to show payments and do not match what is correctly shown in the real online desktop service. please fix , and stop updating prior to testing
getting better with every upgrade.. great app. they do lure you with the free use then hit ya with the charges later. i think it's a useful tool in the toolbox.
. will not honor my subscription. extremely unhelpful support, giving me the run around. 1 week into paying, still no use of the app, and they will not help!
. best accounting app
love it. wish i could edit my estimate better.
ok... like seriously. i’ve used this app for 2019 mileage and expense tracking. but every week i have to reconnect my bank account. like every single week! why?? i don’t have time to do that. fix this! or i’ll be forced to find a better working service!
saves so much time. i got this app to help save time and it does. it took awhile to set up and i have had to phone for help a few times and they have been fab. i can send invoices and receipts form my phone. i am able to keep up to date on my accounts without the effort.
. awesome accounting app!
love the app. i have enjoyed using this service.
. simple and straightforward to use. down side is at the moment its not comnecting to thw bank whis is causing mu accounts department teouble
best bookkeeping and accounting software. quickbooks is the best bookkeeping and accounting software that is to be found. i highly recommend it!
. easy to use, very good app to invoice an manage the accountant anywere
great invoicing and management tool. awesome tool to keep your small business running at its best. highly automated, making it very easy to work with.
. great app
. great app
online is horrible.. it is so slow and printing invoices is terrible.
. not very user friendly. can't enter data easily. the point to download the app was to have an easy access to my account when i am out working or if i have walkups. i will be able to easily send out an invoice or charge a credit card.
q books. i love this app it's very useful
. underrwhelmed this doesn't do anything but receipts and invoices. does anyone's company run without reports or balances. there is no way this is helpful! reloaded thinking something may have changed....not. no account balances. no reports. so very disappointed still.
love it. simple. powerful. streamlined. definitely worth it if you have qb online.
limited company. absolutely brilliant. allows me to create and send clients invoices no matter where i am. without doubt the best accountsbusiness management system available. so simple to use and effective
. omg invoices still not updating. i have recorded payments and online show paid. this app shows them past due since august. app sucks
fantastic features. all the features that works under this single app. i used to work with excel spreadsheet, invoice app, expense app to complete the business on the go. now everything has being simplify into this one subscription saving me time and double entry. i am absolutely happy that i can email invoice, take pictures and enter expense using my iphone. best of all these is update into the cloud. great excellent accounting software nothing comes close after trying others accounting software.
personal accountant. brilliant softwareyou need to allow yourself a couple of hours to set up but once done it does all your reporting for you and keeps your finger on the pulse with your financial status  i love it!
works great. this app works perfect for recording our small farms purchases and sales. it is very easy and convenient to use.
good app so far. good stuff
company owner. you can't go in an manage users unless you have a desktop version that's just not acceptable i have an ipad pro cost 3times what my computer cost it better get fixed or i am gone.very disappointed. also customer service can't help either rg
problem in showing reports. first of all i would like to say that it is a very good accounts managment software online but there are some problems which is faced by me as compare to the tally software like showing reports and many more and i have complained for that to customer care representative thanks regards muhmmad faisal hussain outflank trading pvt. ltd. 9999926273
poorest customer service i’ve ever experienced. wow quickbooks has done it again making key changes without customer notification changes leave me hanging with no ability to do business then phone calls to customer service are long waits. must be effecting a whole lot of customers just a simple email or cs agent phone call might help. but the changes for worse again. seriously poorest service ever!!
. qbo is great... however, the app sucks! the info on the home page is rarely if ever correct. paid invoices show as still do, p&l info is incorrect compared to what it shows on the website. now i can't edit downloaded transaction to add an image of my receipts. plus, it's no longer showing all of my accounts when i go to categorize a transaction. what the heck happened?!
. so far very handy app for my small business needs
all is a life saver. great support team even if you can't figure it out yourself
i like the app. quickbooks come with a handy app which is great. don't have to work only on desktop.
. great for you business. i love how i can quickly add an expense by taking a photo of the receipt as well as logging payments on the go. its awesome that you have your data right there at the touch of a button.
. realmente útil y fácil de usar, después del periodo de prueba no me peso pagar su precio.
can’t subscribe after trial period. it’s a good quickbooks version but i started trial period made a profile and invoices but the app won’t let me renew subscription the buy now button doesn’t work when clicked on. now i may have to start another profile and lose everything?
very good app. app is ok,but expense entry is still missing on mobile app. from the last update am not able to create invoice or add any items in this app.
. app is pretty much useless. pointless to have an app when i have to enter my transactions on a desktop anyway. i want general journal entries in the app (or ya know, a better way to enter my daily sales info) or my damn money back!
. app data is never accurate. i hate to login via mobile web to get accurate numbers. misleading and frustrating
. it makes creating estimates simpler. i used to fumble my way thru, now it's simple and fun!
business changer. changing the way i do business. my first sale paid for the app.
loads of bugs since updating to ios 13. broken links. can’t call up customer information. dashboard only shows banking information. invoices and estimates haven’t saved when generated on mobile device.
makes life easy. haven't worked through 100% of the app but as of right now it has made accounting world easier. especially keeping up to date with bank account reconciliation.
professional it consultant. i recommend this app for smb, especially when you're out of the office a lot.
entering bills?????. why have intuit decided not to support bill entering on this app?!? it great i can import my paper receipts using the camera, but whats the point if i can't enter as a bill only an expense?!?
. i can't see reports on this app
easy and convenient. as a first time user, both app and desk top versions of quick is easy to use. moreover, the app makes my life much easier. even when i'm out of the office, invoicing, paying, receiving, and quick views of current status can be done at the fingertips.
great for small startup. just started using the app as the business grows it has been easy to track travel expenses and everything else we need to keep growing.
update crashed. i have all of my quickbooks point of sale ipads that cannot open the app since the update! we have all had to resort to computers and phones to run our business! you may want to consider this before you join up with quickbooks! they are notorious for problems relating to their quickbooks online.
. never received money from paid invoices. terrible customer service
nice app. nice app, quick and easy. smart invoices and bank matches. i don't like paypal, so wouldn't use that payment option.
great tool for repetitive stuff. the app version is great for day to day functions.
great app. can see my transactions in real time.
ok software. constant downloading of data and password reauthentication really slows down work. larger your business the longer it takes. you’d think with sas, would be much better. looking for opportunity to jump off.
. app is constantly crashing.
. not a bad app
. quickbooks makes my life so much easier for writing amd sending estimates and invoices. there are so many other things that quickbooks can do that im slowly learning. im writing so many estimates and getting so much work from easier estimate and invoice writing its really hard for me to get the time sit down amd learn everything else quickbooks has to offer.
mileage tracker. any chance you can put a mileage tracker on this app? other wise it's perfect for small business
not easy to use. simple tasks like entering a transaction are complex. app and online qb have a slow response when tapping things. just overall frustrating trying to switch from desktop qb to the app and online qb.
. love my qb app! keeps me organized and ontrack... in real time. my accountant loves that!
. doesn't work for the last few months on any of my devices. called many times support and they said they are aware of the problem and they are working on it. this is insane!!! i'm paying every month to get the online version and it doesn't even let me sign in. it shouldn't take month to fix such a problem.
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
saves so much time. i got this app to help save time and it does. it took awhile to set up and i have had to phone for help a few times and they have been fab. i can send invoices and receipts form my phone. i am able to keep up to date on my accounts without the effort.
. changed my work style this app changed my work style. now i can handle my accounts from any where in world. love this
love qb online. i love everything about it. my favorite features are the qb app and being able to process bids and invoices from my phone! and being able to accept online payments thru the invoicing feature is awesome too.
. 3 years and the app still doesnt show bills????? support case opened 3 times and no one care. wonder how can we trust them with our data
. great experience. great results. making me run my business. more efficient
best app i've used!. i started my small business with quickbooks and i was able todo everything in one application! from sale receipts, expenses, lodging gst and more. i would highly recommend quickbooks to all business owners
. needs to be updated equivalent to iphone app just switched to an android phone from an iphone. the iphone version was just updated with more features. this app needs to be updated as well. looking forward to the next release.
best app ever. i've used qbs for a long time and it gets better every year.
excellent program. i am so impressed with this new app, it is very easy to use and very helpful for my construction business. i don't even have to go to the office to make an invoice i can do it right in my truck on my phone and send it. i can check on expenses... it's a breeze and worth the time to get to know this app and online program.
small businesses best friend. if you have a small business this should be the first thing that you get. having this on your phone to do invoices on the spot is the only way to go.
well made basic accounting. quickbooks online has been extremely useful. i have a small contracting business, and i can record an expense in seconds, photo the receipt, create an invoice or estimate, and email these to customers. syncs instantly and automatically across multiple devices, so it's on my phone, tablet and online. the cost is tiny, and it takes care of itself  no more shoebox!
. the app always crashes on me, and now i can't even get it to open.
great app. i love this app!!!
intuitive and very useful!. i'm surprised at how easy this app is to use and how much functionality it has. i'm able to do pretty much all of my typical day to day tasks within this app. it's extremely useful to be able to quickly put together an estimate for a client from my phone or categorize a transaction. intuit, you've done a great job here!
. this app has never worked on my phone. it gives me the login screen, i enter my password, and the app force closes.
. awesome makes life easier for once
#1 business app. after trying many programs, including all of quickbooks packages, quickbooks has the best tools for running your startup.
. says an update is available and exits, while an update doesn't exist. given how overpriced qbo is, would be nice if the android app worked...and was half as nice as the ios equivalent.
. this is of great help! i can update our business transactions anytime, anywhere! thanks! 😊
. this app has helped its tracked and it's made things with my accounts look like i know what i'm doing
great app. works as intended handy to have quickbooks in your pocket
nice. so far it seems to work well. the online version on a laptop works better and is much easier to use but the mobile version  minus a couple inconveniences, isn't bad either.
this is not qbo for ipad. this is qbo invoicing and expenses for ipad. you got me all excited for a moment! call me when you have the real thing, please... i want full functionality please please please! the dream continues....
excellent app.. simple to use and very affordable.
excellent app. easy to use. makes record keeping on the go a snap.
. good program, app needs to be able to modify more though like the desktop version
love the app. excellent app just wish you guys would add the ability to turn on quantity while leaving rate off in estimates and invoices
love it!. great mobile online app tool that syncs with your online quickbooks on both mac and pcs.
. signed up 6 days ago for self employed package, although it says in the package i can use the app, when opening the app it states i have not signed up for it... emailed asking for help, no reply. scheduled a call back for tuesday 13pm, noone called. poor customer service. i will cancel and find another accountancy program.
great app but sign in issues. wont let me sign in anymore keeps sayin error restart app.
great app!. works great with my quickbooks online, fast and easy for taking credit card payments. everything syncs back to my online account and is very easy and efficient, huge time saver!
love it. easy to use and reliable. customer love the fact that they can sign the estimate and invoice.
. good app
. qbo much improved over original launch product, and tge app has brought qbo up.to date. i love the ability to upload receipts tgat immediately sync with qbo and match to vendorsexpenses. qbos ability to have multiple ysrs working simultaneously is huge . realtime collaboration with my bookkeeper and accountant is now easy. no more thirdparty file sharing apps and concerns about version control. with the app i can now monitor financials on the fly. highly recommend!
excellent app. superb app living my life by it now couldn't recommend enough
over all good app. it would get 5* if the invoices showed more details about the bill. like individual dating for services done. that way the customer better understands the invoices.
awesome. very simple very tech savy and user friendly
can't save an invoice since update.. please fix asap. i use to use this app everyday and now i can't. i love quickbooks but this is bad!!
broken app. latest update broke it. app will no longer launch and immediately crashes. now looking at alternatives.
touch id stopped working with latest update. touch id stopped working with latest update. otherwise a great update. please fix!
does not show suppliers. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense, which makes mobile app a waste of time
app crashes constantly. i used to love this app. the last couple of months the app crashes daily and multiple times. i’m in the middle of working and the app says critical updates are needed and logs me out. i’m extremely frustrated with this considering i pay over $20month to use this software across all my devices.
does not work on 3g. i am unable to use quickbooks over a cellular connection. this has been the case since ios 9. sometimes after certain qb updates it works, then others it won't. i will be making notes of the versions when this issue occurs.
qb online and ios app. with the online and ios app this is exactly what i needed to be completely mobile. i can start on one and finish on the other.
. this app is fo real ya'll
great app. coming from using xero for my accounting software, i can say this app and platform as a whole is far more superior. i would recommend to anyone to switch to quickbooks.
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app! please!!
poor service, poor quality product. this product is the worst i have had to deal with. service is non existent, the app is constantly in errors, backing up is slow, the system does manual and not by the operator, everytime the + symbol is used it closes the app. my accountant doesn’t even like the system. i have loaded, unloaded and reloaded the app so many times it’s no longer a joke. quick books tells me they fixed the fault, like never.
amazing app. excellent service?
app is glitching. ever since the new update to the quickbooks mobile app, it has been glitching every time i try to open the app. every time i click the app it closes by itself. it's frustrating whenever i have to log anything in the app. i have to constantly delete the app and reinstall it for it to work properly again.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
. very useful
. i have had this app on my phone for years. i tried opening it and i was told to update the app. so i did. now it will not open. it just keeps telling me to update. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it still does not work. my business is important and this makes me very mad
. very graet app
a++++. great program!!!
. might need to buy an apple phone again this android version is useless.
new app is great!. the new app is super user friendly and versatile. it’s easier to use quickbooks from my phone than it is from my pc now. vast improvement over the previous versions.
does not work. i have just spotted an ad on the bus in london. installd the app. created an account. it was difficult to activate my account as the app does not read sms itself. all in all, after logon the carches  it is not unable at all. i use galaxy s6.
. i would give at least two more stars if the app actually lets me use my card reader, followed by the lack of automatic syncing and not even using active price rules whenever i need to make an invoice for a particular customer. please fix the card reader settings at least.
efficient app for business bookkeeping. great for managing a solo business
worthless. qbo is great, but this mobile app stinks.. worthless. hopefully they can evolve this app quickly. qbo is great but this app ain't
not bad, but needs improvement. this app is good but needs improvement. improvements are mostly needed with the bank connections. i have to constantly tell my clients to update their login information in quickbooks for their bank accounts. this makes it's frustrating and time consuming for me and my clients. the app should also make it easier to do the same things as the web version.
awesome app. i run a small business and i use quick books to manage my entire business! from estimates to invoices to getting paid its all so easy and fun to use! thanks guys
everything i need right from my phone. so handy to be able to do estimates, invoices, and record my expenses right from my phone! will save a lot of time with bookkeeping as now i can enter everything on the go.
. i love it on my phone . but on my tablet it's slow and says non responsive a lot.
. full details of the most important things to do with the following link from the uk and ireland and wales with company number of the most important things
working great. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
dont work no more. terrible tech support! app quit working over a month ago...tech support is useless...you better change your advertising....you should probably get it for false advertising cause you are lying to the public
. fab app and program. saves time and money. should have done it years ago.
. super duper app
. best thing quickbooks has ever done. this is so convenient, i use it more then the actual online. invoicing, printing, emailing.. everything you can do online is available in this app
garbage. i still can't login since last updated. it's been a freaking month
great flexibility. love being able to do estimates and invoices on the go.
jl. great for small business on the go.... got it sync with square and it makes it even better. great job!!!
can’t enter, view or edit bills. this app would be great, except you can’t enter or edit bills. workaround would be to login to website, but then what’s the point of having the app.. just use the website for full functionality
qbo ipad & iphone. i think that intuit is doing an incredible job with this product! the updates have been wonderful for me. it would be 5 stars if i could make bank deposits as well! i've upgraded to 5 stars since i can now do deposits as well. is bank transfer in the future?
works great, but has quirks. i love the convienience of being able to access while on the go from my phone or tablet. i came over from using quickbooks 2013 on my desktop so there was a learning curve and you have to get used to the pause between transactions.
. it a great accounting program. i just wish you could do more from the app with out having to go online
update killed the app. after this last update i can't save to add payments or invoices. can't even take a credit card. it's killing me.
. love it. does all i need for now
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
. how about an update to the other app? suggestions that have been requested: 1) access to notes! 2) insert item above or below another on invoice. 3) merchant services integration. 4) take photos and attach to customerjob. 5) time tracking, the ability to punch inout for appts. 6) signature capture...things to be fixed: 1) map link still populates the customers name in the search (this was supposedly fixed, but it isn't). 2) support for custom fields on templates 3) editing of invoices and
thankful. i'm so thankful for quickbooks. i'm still learning a lot about it, but i don't think i would not survive without it. i started a small business 1 yr ago. i love the app! i'm always on the go and can access it from anywhere. highly recommended by us @ the hygienist helper, llc!
great. great for uploading expenses on the run.
super cool. i have it with me know on the go and the reporting is also cool. had some challenges as the i initially bought the app through apple but once the i was migrated, problem was solved. i can't stop talking about this app to friends and colleagues. is there a bonus for referring people?
can this app dethrone india specific software?. you can not setup this app to use for personal accounting. you can not setup this app for setting up multiple companies. you can not run if your internet connection is not working. so, this app is worth your time and money? you can try without worrying about any payment. so, it’s very difficult to dethrone india specific accounting software you already use. i have tried. you too can.
great help. i love technology.
does everything i need.. if i could see my outstanding bills on the dashboard, i would say it was perfect. but even though qb have chosen not to include this requested feature, i am still happy to recommend.
no good. this app only works if you have the online account version
"latest upgrade is a disgrace. i have never written a negative review of an upgrade, but the latest version of this app made a great app totally useless. you can no longer receive invoices or reconcile bank balances. do yourself a favor and delete the quickbooks app rather than ""upgrade."" the mobile website is more useful than the app."
bad customer service. worked for a month then disconnected from my bank, so email sent, didn’t get a reply for 2 days!!!! emailed again another 3 days later i get a reply, problem with bank couldn’t be sorted so i downloaded xero, absolute pleasure to use.dont use quickbooks!!!!!!!!
. origionally i wanted to use this app for easy application of spreadsheets and invoices, unfortunately when everything wasn't working out for me, i decided to pull the plug and cancel my subscription. unfortunately, it is hard to get a cancellation and stop the reoccurring payments and it has brought me here. i would recommend that you guys make it easier for others to manage your subscription accounts.
i love it!. easy to use too. great for generating invoices quickly
reduced feature set. need to have timesheet function put into app! please!! also, the separation of vendor mtce from vendor transactions is opposite of the web interface. same for customers.
great for our small business. love a lot about it. easy to use! i don't love that some transactions are hard to recode to another payee. some default and you can change. for the most part i do love it.
don't make me log in repeatedly. it's an app.. ux execution for this company is repeatedly abysmal. i have an account. i download the app. i activate thumbprint authentication. and they repeated log me out and have me sign in again as though i'm a new user to a web site. this kind of crap ux plagues this app in the most annoying spots.
. useless. android app does not support in india
another weak quickbooks mobile app. once again, with excitement i upgrade only to be letdown. when will intuit make a full function app? i love the message that tells me the function isn't't available for my device but i can access it from my pc...great, i'm still tied to my desk! why bother with the mobile app then?? i love how i can only rate this useless app once in the lifetime of having it,i would give it no stars if i could!
perfect for my business. i like that i can access any information quickly. very easy to use for everyone. the invoicing, payments, and sales reports are perfect for a small business. my only wish is that quick books small business would integrate easily with quick books online. maybe soon this will happen ?
good app. very detailed , im no pro @ accounting but i am teaching myself this app. its very in depth and i like it.
awesome!. i was hesitant about switching from desktop top to online, but once i adapted i found it was so convenient for people on the go. very simple and easy and ver accurate between desktopiphoneipad. extremely happy i made the change, highly recommended.
crashes with galaxy s7 edge android 6.0.1. i have a new samsung galaxy s7 edge running android 6.0.1. every time i try to log into the app it crashes when signing in and offers to send a report. but the send crash report button results in blue screen. have to force close. very frustrated as i am used to using the app constantly. update: customer support was able to assist with the issue once i emailed them.
. similar issues as gillian, dashboard blank, constant error messages on mobile. i also ended up accidentally reinstalling a slightly different version and was paying double!! i didn't realize there were two very similar apps!! i also uninstalled reinstalled and it didn't fix issue. i am currently trying to figure out how to recover all the expenses and photo's of receipts for the tax season.
. this app works great
. how about an update to the other app? suggestions that have been requested: 1) access to notes! 2) insert item above or below another on invoice. 3) merchant services integration. 4) take photos and attach to customerjob. 5) time tracking, the ability to punch inout for appts. 6) signature capture...things to be fixed: 1) map link still populates the customers name in the search (this was supposedly fixed, but it isn't). 2) support for custom fields on templates 3) editing of invoices and
. this app takes forever to do anything. it literally takes a minute just to open after i tap the app icon. completely useless. information is not reflected correctly during use. just use a web browser instead.
thumbs up for the business help!!!. take the time to go through the tutorials and this is an amazing app to help with any small business!!!
excellent program. 👍
great app. this app has helped me out tremendously. i have a bad habit of loosing paperwork in this cut that out 100%
gary stanton. this app means i can seem to know what i am doing, it actually works for me.
great functionality across platforms. i use qbo to do estimates and invoicing on a laptop, ipad and iphone. i occasionally swipe a credit card too and they all perform very well. little bit presentation on each device but they all work!
. the app freezes frequently. when it's not freezing, it's too slow.
great app. extremely easy to use and has made doing my accounts a much easier and enjoyable experience! would highly recommend!
great app!. this app has saved me tons of time and i love it!
. i've just started using qb and i'm very impressed. i was using xero and truelly,it has been horrendous. qb all the way. so user friendly.
. usually apps
. it used to be a great app. but they even do not allow me to login anymore.... i did change the password so many times and did uninstall and install the app. now, i need to go back to my old iphone or lapy for my bookkeeping:(
. we tried the free trial before purchasing.. quick books keeps changing my partially paid invoice to paid in full .. when i called tech support he told me to fix this problem its 129.00he was rude and started to raise his voice after i started hows it possible i have to pay that much for a free trial app when they are the ones causing the problem... quick books is no good.. and their tech support is the rudest customer service i've ever heard!
just started with it.. can i attach a file to an invoice that i create with the app? i don’t see the option and we need to be able to do this or this appprogram won’t work for us.
good app for accounting students. thanks quickbooks team 👍
. does not work on my pixel phone. sucks i have to pay the same rate as everyone else but can't get all the benefits. update...the email address intuit gave me to email does not work...shocker.
great for small business. i run a small business mostly through through etsy. this is a great program to keep track of finances. the only thing i wish is it would integrate paypal here payments like it does square. it would be amazing if it could do the same with etsy. alas, i have to type them in by hand. i love the integrate on my iphone, ipad and macbook. it is very streamlined.
. awesome app use it everyday on the go.
roofing business. i have been using quickbooks for almost a year for my husband roofing business and i love it! why we are out looking at jobs i can do an invoice on my phone and email it right away to the customer! and i can go home and work from laptop as well! i recommend quickbooks for book keeping for business!
. very miss leading and is nothink like the tv advert. not to easy to use and over all disappointed. having to use it because of my accountant. no impressed!!!! also no english call centre's! you can't understand the customer help line team as there english is poor. needs english call centres employing english to overcome this problem!!!!!
beware of this service. i was told today by their rep that they are a very small business and they are not prepared to handle medium to large business’ transactions. after we have made the switch and spent so much time converting everything over and using their service we were told that they only want to handle a small portion of transactions. ugh.
kmec. looks great so far, only a few hours in but promising.
affordable truck repair inc.. great app, makes it very easy for us to keep track of our books.
awesome app. helps with all business expenses and just great interface
. for the entrepreneur on the go, this app is fantastic. i post my expenses with photos of receipts and create invoices from the car! terrific.
great app to run my business. easy invoicing have app set up and operating in less then 30 min
invoice. the only thing i don’t like is you can’t easily adjust invoices.
works well. i'm surprised this app works so well. it's much less glitchy than the pc program
awesome. i have an hvac business and everything in this app is awesome. the invoicing,estimates,collecting payments, emailing invoices or estimates, the whole thing. my wife does the books and she loves this version of quickbooks better than the pro version. i can access it from my ipad or iphone and my wife can access it from her samsung phone. all around great app. you do have to have the quickbooks online version on a computer and it has a monthly fee, but well worth it.
"missing some elements, overall good. i like this app. great to be able to give client receipt right away. wish we could do deposits and reconciliations and change default ""payment due"" area."
. love the invoice function on this app
. it's pretty good but a little clunky on the phone compared to the desktop. and some of the available functions are different which is perplexing to me. at least it's somewhat functional but i i'm still not comfortable doing an estimate on my phone which is sad. billion dollar company and can't get the app right is disappointing. it needs work so that it can flow and function more like the online version.
very good app. good
. great app
. great app, does everything i need while out and about. makes evening paperwork easier.
. i do invoices and print from my recliner. love this app. and sometimes generate estimates minutes after finishing my work before leaving the clients home. very convenient !!
freelance business functions like agency. this app is brilliant. i can check the status of invoices, p&l's, reference invoices, and client trends. best business app i have on my phone!
. this app works amazing for my cleaning business! couldnt live without it, and it saves me a lot of money instead of paying an accountant
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 3 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank. the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
. good . highly recomended,. the only thing is i need to register the time of the day the transaction was made. that's give me more control of my routes.
can’t accept transactions. latest update broke ability to match transactions. it’s like that screen is locked accept buttonsearch or selecting another expense doesn’t work.
. i am finally happy 99% with qb online quickbooks has finally added the ability to add expences through the android market. it is now, by far the easiest way to send out estimates, invoices and add expenses. i'm a contractor and it works perfect for what i do. well worth the $40.00 a month, trust me. ............
easy to use. love this app, easy to use.
. app data is never accurate. i hate to login via mobile web to get accurate numbers. misleading and frustrating
. good basic accounting app but widgets don't seem to work
. there was supposed to be a 30day free trial and they charged me anyway this app is not recommended.
touch id fail. qb  please fix the touch id feature. it's useless.
doesn't work. won't open on the ipad
. very slow and not convenient as current fast trend requirements....it's waste of money..i really suggest for zoho..very good..very fast ....best service and users convenient... still after your review, i'll suggest for zoho because of there are many function which is available on handly face which is many time i was given suggestion to quick books team but there was nothing improvement and after waiting so much time, i'll go for zoho which is too much easy to made my business. not given refund
awesome. looking forward to seeing what's next!. there's times when i get fuel and the gas pump printer is out of paper. i pull out my phone, snap a picture of the purchase and expense it. brilliant. i would like to itouch login option. it's not to cool punching in your password while shivering. thanks qbo.
. app is pretty much useless. pointless to have an app when i have to enter my transactions on a desktop anyway. i want general journal entries in the app (or ya know, a better way to enter my daily sales info) or my damn money back!
. great app! helps me stay organized on the go.
doesn’t work like the app on a pc. the fact that the apps are not the same on a pc than on the ipad or mobile is frustrating. can’t see running totals on the register, can’t add transactions the same way, etc. and the kicker is the website version doesn’t work at all on the ipad, can’t scroll through the register because scroll bars are absent in chrome or safari. horrible adaptation and makes the ipad useless to conduct accounting business with quickbooks...
. quickbooks is amazing. i use it for my company and have never ran into any problems. they have a wide spectrum of things you can do, and the are probably the cheapest options for accounting software. #quickbooksforthewin
great app. i love this app
. requires some changes. dashboard does not update data.
. works amazing when having to do my invoices on the fly and can't get to the office. also to check my estimates
many bugs. need to fix bugs that cause the app to not follow the regular online access. employees can see things they shouldn't (like business income) and are unable to do things they should like entering customer info and invoices.
great app. allows me to enter expenses right away.
horrible. constant crashes at the worst of times!!! aarrrggghhhh!
features bugged and gets worse every time they update it. transactions page on ios 13 doesn’t respond atall, you can categorise and transactions or match payments. stop updating the app when you haven’t tested it thoroughly... it’s getting to the point i’m going to start looking elsewhere.
only missing a mileage tracker. i recall i primarily looked into a system for mileage tracking, now months later i’m hooked but i still don’t have a solution. the invoicing, banking, etc features are all great! glad i made the investment, just need to find me a mileage tracker. hee hee
. unique app
. would be 5 stars if i could get my bank to integrate...pain in the butt to upload everything, every month.
handyman sam. i've been using qbo for a few years now for my handyman business. with the new updates to this app and their online version i have been very happy. i just enrolled in the credit card payment processing. it has been helpful to collect. the credit card swipe device is easy to use too. must have if you use quickbooks.
excellent app. couldnt ask for more! all my paperwork centralised in my pocket!
. app keeps crashing on lg g6.
qb online. app
. mobil app to slow
quickbooks is wonderful. there is not a better software on this planet.
poor compatibility. online version does not work with safari. quickbooks refused a refund stating it is not there issue. avoid and just get a good account
incompatible with ios 9. this app is great in ios 8 and even supports touch id. however, it does not work in ios 9 and needs an immediate update.
good app. app does what it says it will do!
pretty convenient!. i quite like being able to enter transactions on the fly. this app keeps me from procrastinating!
. quickbooks please make it so there's the option of where payments are deposited on sale receipts for the android app as its available on ios. other than that is not a bad app.at all. 👍🏼. still waiting for the option on android of where funds are deposited.
subscription does not work. after 1 month free trial (in which i never been interested as i was happy to pay from beginning) the app stoped working. payment is demanded, unfortunately on ipad or iphone version either it is not possible to make a paymentsubscription or the instructions are not clear enough or there is an error. to subscribe should be made as easy as possible.
good, not great. you can do the basics, like sync bank accounts, run a few basic reports. but you can’t take many useful actions or get reliable search results. the bank accounts render weirdly. it’s more like a novelty rather than a tool.
. this app works good for me
. so far i haven't enjoyed this app. you can't scan a receipt with details auto uploading but you can on the selfemployed version and also had no luck at uploading a file into an expense when manually loading details from a receipt.
. much easier than using the mobile site on my phone and very convenient for sending invoices
help. hate trying to get help this way, but my app keeps crashing. i love my online version, but basically i can’t do anything with the app. would make my life so much easier if i could
very useful, ios 13 login issue however. as the title says. this software, when combined with the website version, can be incredible useful. the layout is good. i use it for work and once you get to know it it’s pretty good. currently there is an issue logging in with ios 13.
tried them all. i persevered with other systems and intuit quickbooks online has been sensational since i migrated over. excellent adaptability, intergratibility and functional practical to use. very happy! keep up the good updates.
invoice quantity wrong. when i go to create an invoice and type in a quantity of 1, the total amount equals zero no matter how much the amount. it isn’t calculating correctly. also, it states that the email address i type in is too long even though it is the same email address that i’ve used before.
owner. great app
. great app, very useful
great accounting app. very happy with my quickbooks app.
. fantastic, easy to use software. i own two small businesses and quickbooks has made my life a lot easier. with the app i can use it anywhere, which is a nice bonus. highly recommend it!
needs a way to attach pdf files, not just pictures. i'd consider this a great app if i could use it to record expense receipts from online purchases (pdf files) , not just printed receipts. i keep having to go back to my computer to record digital receipts. i think it's obvious that folks these days are buying things from amazon and other merchants who provide digital receipts.
too many problems entering expenses. he expenses are not taking the payee. i had to switch to desktop to enter the expenses with the payee. hopefully quickbooks will address it.
. its a good app but they keep raising the monthly charge by more than 25% every 10 months... i'm no paying $35month. i will be looking for a new accounting software.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
. very poorly designed app. with alot of limitations for a mobile device. i would strongly recommend finding another service.
. wow amazing app.this is very helpful app. thank you developers.likeit.
tops. i've never used any accounting software or accounting apps in my life & can honestly say this is the best! if you type 55378008 into any xl column & turn your laptop upside down it spells..boobless! 😄
great small business tool. excellent on a laptop, dient handel banks with authentication dongles very well, mobile app doesn't handle them at all. can't do payroll from mobile. receipt tracking is easy and works well. reports and snap shots handy.
so helpful. my business is basically my husband and me. when we are both out of the office, it's been difficult to have to wait to help customers. this app has allowed me to to create an invoice from an estimate, accept payment and send a receipt all from the truck!
the option yo use qbo doea not work for ages. the option to use google maps for location misdirects you to install google maps even if it is already installed. this issue had been there since ages and they don't fix it. that's why rated bad. google maps is a must for me. apple maps suck but the app leaves you helpless with apple maps.
why use the app when you it lacks the features of the website. you can’t change the status of in invoice on the app and must be done online only. this is a major flaw in the app. once i do my taxes i will no longer be using quick books, because of the enforced complexity the system is rendered mostly useless. the app needs to have complete functionality of the site.
easy to work with. it's just incredible to use and work with.
. easy to use and useful across all devices.
couldn't run my business without it!. this is an incredible program! my favorite thing about it is how mobile it is. my business is all out in the field... so i'm always creating invoices, collecting payment, and writing receipts often times right in front of my clients. i can literally do each one of these tasks in less than one minute. customers are impressed, records are kept uptodate, and my mind is at peace. very satisfied!
. zero! the app says it needs to update, then brings me to a screen giving a choice of uninstall or open. if i choose open, i'm back to the need to update. if i uninstall and reinstall, that's just more steps before i'm back to the same useless place. garbage software. update: this was a problem they had seen and were working on. they fixed it and informed me of the fix a few hours later. working now.
. hi i'm unable to use it on my android phone.please help.
crash error crash error. quickbooks is a four outta five platform, this app is a one... signs me out and crashes more than once a day!
crashes, not usable, nexus 5x. crashes and no longer usable on a stock nexus 5x on android 6.0.1. app is now useless to me on my phone which is a major problem.
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
the best. this app is the best for my businnes, when i use him as a contractor is the best, because i never lost money or forget charge any work. i love it.
new to qb on line. brilliant package but did need support on getting the data i migrated over sorted. but worth the monthly charges. great job quick books.
quickbooks app. it has all the tools i need and is very convenient
. great app. i have enjoyed learning on the uses for it. my only complaint would be the overall price i pay for everything. i feel like i get nickle and dimed on things i feel like should come with my monthly fee. with that being said i still plan on using this since it works very well and it has overall saved me time.
great tool. a great app for invoicing on the fly and emailing customers invoices when they forget them or you need to look up how much they owe. no this isn't the full blown desktoponline version and i don't think that was the intent. it does what i need it to while i'm not at a computer.
very incomplete. great that i can do invoicing on the fly and have real time access to everything. the back end is not good. files did not transfer over. leaving online version and coming back to pc version has been a complete nightmare. again, files don't fully tranfer. great idea. crappy follow through.
love it!. why have i wasted time on quickbooks when i could have been using the online version! so much easier to use.
. takes ages to load then crashes to a black screen. i have had the app for 3 months or so and only ever got it working for a few moments once. as it is so unreliable i could not trust it as an app to rely on, for example to use in front of a customer in their home, therefore i cannot recommend this app. i run a ltd company and we use qb as our accounting software.
amazing app when it works. haven’t been able to use this app as of late because i use a password manager and the quickbooks app stopped allowing me to paste my password into the password field at login. tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, still didn’t work. this issue has to be fixed.
brilliant. brilliant app keeps my business in order
. not useful in india at all
easy. i use it to view the position rather than a tool to raise invoices etc, a nice addon
. awesome account software
. does basic accounting. cool. i paid money for this. clunky interface. settings buried in random locations. the desktop, browserbased, application is equally, if not more, terrible. this is a professional product?
great app. i using this app for my business is so easy the handle it thank you guys for this great app
app crashes on ios 9 and ios 10. when i click on support it takes you to a web page that also does not work properly. do you have email support ?
. very easily can invoice on the go
. very slow app
. saves hours of time linking with the bank account , quick and easy once you have the hang of it
plenty to be desired. there are options such as making expenses billable is not available. previously had issues with adjusting tax in the app and the support team told me to use the web based version. what's the point in having an app with features when the support team just tells you use the web version.
worst app ever ! not reliable. been using qb for may years, the last few years have been tough for them. we use our mobile app constantly, but it has many issues. it constantly crashes and some day it just won't open. not acceptable. we have taken to customers service many times, but the problems still persist. i get it growing pains right ? is just too much. we are looking for an alternative software like cero. sad but qb get 1 star .
bad update. can no longer accept credit card payments. keep getting error code 6000. tech support advised this is a known issue but no eta on fix. please revert back to previous version.
great app for busy employersemployees. your features are reduced and it's not the exact same as when you use a pc but it is still really nice. i would not be want it to be as in depth anyways it's nice and simple. i would recommend it to anybody that needs quickbooks on the go. we do a lot of work in the field and it is really nice to do estimates and email them to the customer while standing right next to them.
great app for business.. a ++ must have app
. yay, i can do more than make notes on qb on my phone or tablet!...i love being able to have brunch and invoice on my tablet now
good. excellent app. some very slight issues with layout and the occasional page that can't be used on ipad. but overall good. would recommend to others
missing key functions. whilst i understand this is a mobile app, even the qbo version lags behind in key functions from its desktop predecessors, all of which intuit has had ample time to upgrade to fully integrated functionality. intuit needs to put full functionality above the profit margin and put customers above dollars.
love this app!. fantastic app.
don’t bother downloading!. this app was so hard to use, wouldn’t connect to my bank, wasted so much time trying. brought up all of my personal accounts transactions even though i asked it to hide them. wouldn’t bring up transactions older than 3 months. i honestly don’t understand how anyone can use it!!!
. vg and lot much improved with very good customer care support. thankx.
. i haven't been able to use this app for a really long time, all the sudden it doesn't save my login details anymore, hard to login, once i logged in and try to go next step, it logged me out and says tempary not available. super annoying!!
can’t enter, view or edit bills. this app would be great, except you can’t enter or edit bills. workaround would be to login to website, but then what’s the point of having the app.. just use the website for full functionality
. good app
rates have doubled with no appreciable improvement in the system. now i just tried to use the app on an ipad and i cant even generate a journal entry... grrrrrrrrrrrr!
. useful app
simply the best. simple and easy to understand and use. above all, the free technical support is out of this world. go for it, you cannot go wrong.
. no support for india, go to hell!!
great app!. i was using quickbooks pro desktop 2013 before going to online 2016. all i can say is wow! i never realized how much i was missing. reconciling expenses with automatic bank and credit card transaction downloads can be done on my phone anywhere and anytime. no need to log into bank and manually download. huge time saver. also keeps me up to date on my finances with great reporting built in and at my fingertips.
. this app doesn't work! such a disappointment to say the least! i'll edit my review once the app is available for use!
*terrible app*. do not take the chance with this program its flawed at best and is only designed to take as much money off you for as long as possible. it has multiple errors all the time. find something for better value and don’t pout it in control of your business because when it fails you have no control whatsoever.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
. small business owner. this app is terrible, do not not rely on it. does not work well on android devices, no matter how many times the browser is reset along with strong data connection.
worked awesome until latest update. just says error every time i log in. worked great before update however.
. this app is extremely easy to use and keeps all of my business accounting running smoothly and quickly. i haven't had any problems and neither have any of my customers.
pretty useful!. i can add my expenses and match them later and now they even. updated the web internet so i can use it on my tablet and it's become super helpful! thanks quickbooks! i think what's they update it to where you can do all the thing you can on the tablet web interface that you can do on the computer it's going to be top notch
app. very god
not reliable on weekends or holidays. times when i have to work on weekends or holidays i have the most issues logging in and being able to invoice customers. there is also times when i can’t login during the week, i’m guessing due to quickbooks working on servers! wish i could install as a program on my tablet instead of a app or still be able to use offline to print an invoice and receipt
. not able to switch between companies using app followed instructions from developer which did not exist in app. faq site link doesn't exist.
. limited bank support. no good for personal finance. not many german banks supported.
must have for small businesses. this has simplified my life immensely. i no longer have to worry about things falling through the cracks, quickbooks keeps it all in check. solid app, no issues or crashes yet after about 3 months of use.
. works great for my small constructionconsulting business. great for invoicing and sending estimates.
waste of time. don't waste your time if you want to access quickbooks on your ipad or tablet. needs a lot more work
terrible app. half the time i can not download my banking info, i can not do invoices. it’s junk for what you have to pay for it. i’m finding something new.
limited, no balances. it allows you to enter expenses and sales oriented transactions, but does not allow you to view account balances. right now it's of limited utility
very helpful. would love that they add a feature for partially paid invoices
major flaw  can't run payrol. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go which is a major part of this app that is missing.
. easy on the go invoices
. being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. any chance of this being resolved. please note i have tried multiple phones and it is near impossible on mobile browser. trying to keep keyboard up is a nightmare.
. not being free hurts. if this app was free and did not require a subscription to use for us that buy qb pro i would give this app a 45 star rating. this app is not perfect but what really hurts it is the price being 10 dollars a month to use this app.
. top app easy to use.
good. nice app
it works most of the time. it’s useful to have the app but more often i go to the browser site as you can do more on it. the app is good if you just want to record a quick expense and take a photo of the receipt to attach. quickbooks itself is a good accounting package, it’s just the app needs a bit more functionality.
. love this app, been using it a couple of years now m
. very easy and convenient, especially on the go
. for the entrepreneur on the go, this app is fantastic. i post my expenses with photos of receipts and create invoices from the car! terrific.
great for keeping up on the go. love the ease of access to not only my business account, but clients accounts as well. i can log in from anywhere and answer questions for my clients. great tool for a bookkeeping business with clients in qbo!
. cannot open the app. it shuts down with an error.
. this is seriously a great app. thanks devs
very disappointed. ever since i updated it doesn't save my expenses and crashes a lot. very disappointed.
amazing. all i can say is i used quick books desktop version older version, the online is amazing and the availability of this app and the notifications keeps me up to date on every aspect of my businesses
. i am with digital account
android app. android app on phone lately does not open...
great. does everything i need it to do onsite. kinda wish it looked more like the tablet version though
great app!. great app!
getting better and better. best app in this category.
update is terrible. since the update, navigation of the app is clunky at best. you can no longer match transactions, or do anything with your banking accounts except to see the balances. no transactions will work. this update has way to many flaws. be cautious to download.
business on the run. quickbooks online with the ios app make operating a travel based business on the run simple. log invoices as you go. input estimates along the way. print and mail or email all at once at the end of the day. not to mention the helpful reports and expense management. i couldn't run my business without it.
you can do better, intuit. this app has a lot of promise: utilize the power of an ipadpro and really speed up routine accounting functions on qbo. in reality, the app is glitchy, limited in ways it shouldn’t be, and effectively too flawed to use. i’ve been disappointed before by intuit, but this failure is inexplicable.
best mobile accounting app. great improvements in the latest version. easily the best ipadiphone app for accounting, that sits well alongside the full featured qbo software.
a great experience. this new update has just all the features required from this app and more. not just do you guys listen but act as well. kudos. the best cloud service, that can be.
. great for on the go, syncs with pc version, keeps my business going as long as there's wifi or cel service, since i work in places with spotty coverage. being able to email invoices and changes on the spot is very helpful.
good app and service. after the last update, i can’t create an invoice after i add a customer. it crashes every time on my ipad. it still works on my phone. please fix this issue.
"was great until recently. this used to be a great app until a few weeks ago. now, every morning when we go to open the app it states ""downloading company data"" and does this for hours. we have customers needing to get estimates, pay invoices, etc., but can't because we can't use the app! this just recently started happening. qb can you please fix this issue??? this type of problem shouldn't go on for this long!"
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
j'adore!!!. tout simplement super! l'application est facile à utiliser. très pratique de pouvoir faire des factures directement chez nos clients et pouvoir leur envoyer par courriel en direct!
. app never up to date with website or it does not show you everything you can see online. sometimes you can't even see anyone's invoices or estimates. always an issue.
a little awkward.... it has the functionality but the ui is awkward. it's also very difficult joggling between the different expense accounts.
help. the android app is very very slow it takes a long time to change a estimate to a invoice i have emailed support several times about the issue with no reply please speed it up.
. love the app! easily work from anywhere!!
nice tool. i like this tool a lot but it could use more links. you need to add the ability to add to the time sheet service. i upgraded to use that on all my business phones on the field and low and behold support lied to me and said it was possible. so i upgraded and guess what it's not in the app.
. jai presentement un bug. perdu les taxes
love this version of quickbooks!. we have multiple companies and run quickbooks in everyone of them. however, the last company we started i decided to use the online version to run this company mobile and absolutely love it! the app does need some accessibility features that are only available on the full version but it is still very user friendly.
we are in love with qbo. hated accounting thru qb before but this year's online version plus the android app made us change our mind ... now we absolutely love it and we can't thank the intuit team enough for creating such friendly qb online version for business. much appreciated, lanareale.com
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
. this is false advertising. it's not free!
. not sure if this was resolved but in reviewing past expenses and invoices, it looks like 85% have disappeared. if i entered more than 1 expense on a single day, it kept 1. some days i entered 56 receipts if not more and now i'm redoing them all. switched to a bookkeeper this year so haven't used the app in 6+ months.
does not work. quickbooks will not let me access via my mobile device, neither through my browser or through this app. figure it out guys, smart phones are the most common computers people use these days...
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
. easy to use and navigate
. great app! it makes doing my small business easier!
finally signature for iphone. love it!!! all of my invoices are generated via my iphone 6, and it was frustrating without having that feature. touch id is a great touch! i like the ability to have different invoice options, but wish i could design it exactly the way i want it. keep up the great work with updates.
not able to login. never download this app. i have reported this error many times to the quickbooks support team. till this date they haven't even just looked into this issue.
. the quickbooks app allows me to easily manage my business expenses on the go and eliminates the need to keep those annoying receipts. instead you can jt take a picture of the receipt and attach it to the expense. brilliant.
useless since update. the last update brings a gorgeous splash screen. i know this because i see it dozens of times each day since i have to log in every time i open the app! completely useless now.
quick and easy. it really is.. i love the new qb online.. great job.. the app is awesome
. customer service is absolutely horrible. signed up yesterday online. found out customizing invoices function has been broken for 3 months. call this morning to cancel subscription and get a refund. they're answer basically was we've got your money we're not going to refund it. you have been warned stay away from quickbooks
. efficient, easy to use
would have given 5 stars. i love the application. i would have given five stars if it allowed entering of vendor bills. it only allows expenses to be added.
. this app sucks! i can't even login
bad customer services to cancel. struggling to get the right information on how to cancel before getting charged as i'm using other software now. been contacted twice with the wrong info.
so easy to use!. such an easy app to use, these guys have simplified bookkeeping down from something i wouldn't dare touch, to being able to raise invoices from my phone and connect my bank accounts, no hassles at all.
too many glitches. i love quickbooks and i love that they have an app but there are a lot of glitches in the performance. the screen goes blurry, logs you completely out of the system inconveniently, customer list is unlined with the screen, there are more but minor.
. i don't know why i didn't get this sooner very easy and i love that i can track my expenses and do my invoicing on the go.
loved it indeed. this app works the way i think, i'm considering useing it in my next business. thanks
better than before. i like the ability to record expenses on the fly and take a picture of the receipt. would be better if the smart logic time saving features in quickbooks online were incorporated.
. this app is like having my own accountant
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
deceiving. silly me. i thought quickbooks had somehow released a free service. i installed this app, and the first thing i am presented with is a screen asking me to sign up for a free trial. sorry, $12.99 per month is just not worth it for quickbooks until they finally build a decent rental business module. i hate being tricked into downloading apps that are actually not free.
. very handy for a lanscaper on the go. now i can email invoices as soon as we are finished right from my smartphone, wether i'm standing next to the customer or in the truck. makes my life easier
good app. good app
. awefull, not suited to non accounting folk. unless you fully understand the system it will not represent the companies financial status.
freedom. great piece of software as i'm able to invoice customers right from a tablet and be on my way!! well done!
very good app. give the ability to capture signatures and it will be great.
worthless app. i was excited to find this app and, unfortunately, downloaded it. i really cannot figure out what is good for other than creating invoices. confusing when you open the app, it does not get better as you get into it, not that there is anything to get into. i run a small non profit & just found this app useless, except for taking up space. what a pity as i have been a qb user for years.
disappointed. needs touch id for login, and bugs fixed for ios 8.
. save's me from having to carry invoices.
. does not have inventory images in app. please add this feature.
not for the ipad or iphone. the app does not support stp... have to access using web browser on ipad iphone . so don’t buy the app if you want to use it for stp. browser access using an ipad pro , you won’t be able to scroll down or access command icons because they are beyond the margins of the ipad screen. can’t finish inputting categories because the screens won’t scroll at all
. after this last update the app is worse, you can't see your last invoice or overdue invoices, you can't create new invoice or see your customer or create new customer.
it just works. it works well across all platforms. laptop pc, ipad, android phone. i am very pleased with it. still so much that i need to learn as i don't know much about business.
". very disappointed considering i do use the online quickbooks on a daily basis. i installed the app. signed in. then came up with an error message. tried to log in again and it keeps coming up with ""signing in..."" but nothing is happening. 10 minutes later, app uninstalled!!!"
getting too flaky. i’ve been a subscriber for about 2 years now but am now randomly getting locked out of the app where it thinks i don’t have a subscription! i’ve reported the issue , it always gets resolved but then returns ! went to do my accounts and quotes this weekend and guess what .... i’m locked out ... again! is that acceptable for a business app ! definitely not.
useless. i'm not even sure what the point of this app is. there's absolutely nothing you can do with it besides see what what you've already done on your desktop. the app does nothing to help you keep things moving along.
. great app for small business
veryy unhappy. i have a flooring company where i give discounts for different reasons. i am upset that i can not add a discount nor does it give me the option to add it to tge invoice pleade fix it immediately
good app and great support. easy to use although experienced problem with vat rate not being editable in online desktop version. intuit' response was really quick and efficient and friendly. highly recommend.
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
. i don't seem to be able to login with google. is this supported on the mobile app (android), like it is supported on the website?
fantastic app for small business. i have been using quickbooks for a year now. before i used to use myob and it used to cost me double what i pay now. it has all the features i need and usually works without any problems. i can write up quotes onsite, and send invoices before i leave the job. i highly recommend this app for small businesses.
great features but very unstable and poor support. i’m an accountant that works with xero, qb and myob. quickbooks online offers probably the best combination of xero and myob’s best features but is let down hugely by the app’s instability (very slow and regularly crashes) and their support, whilst very friendly, is poor in quality and suffers from obvious lack of proper systems and workflow. we’re holding off recommending qb to clients for these two reasons. they aren’t quite deal breakers but close.
. does everything i want it to
. a few improvements could be made but overall, excellent app!
. incredibly buggy, takes forever to open and crashes on every action. cannot move from xero to quickbooks while the apps remains this bad.
good, but.... we've been using quickbooks online since we started our small business, and we like it because it's easy to use and travels with you. that being said, however, you can't back up the data to your own computer. so if you make a major mistake, you can't go backwards  only reset the books. so if you choose cbo, make sure you print backup trial balances constantly!
business owner. qb app is so hard to use and is different on every device. if you lose connection while creating an estimateinvoice etc. you will lose all info imputed and have to reenter everything again
. invoicing only works when it feels like. app is very hard to navigate. half the tools i have to log in to my computer and do on the desktop version. very dissatisfied and will be cancelling this service soon as i find a better alternative.
great can scan bills directly with phone. i use phone app instead of pc sometimes, as i can record bill right when i make purchase, complete with scan on receipt. awesome.
. so far good. have a lot to learn a but seems to be what i am looking for when starting a new opportunity.
love it. just be cautious when trying 30 free trail. i loaded half a dozen customers and lots of estimates,invoices etc. and then purchased the 6 month subscription after i got familiar with software. well it led to doing work twice. because you can only have one or the other, free trail discounted 6 months subscription.
. hated it and when i tried to cancel it took them 20mins and had me on hold. i do not reccomend!
. cool app!
"i can' t even register. ""server error "" i've sent emails and "" reported the issue"" but no response. i've used desktop quickbooks for years and was hoping to have the convenience of qbo on my phone. but now i think i'll just start looking for another online program"
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
. already pay for online subscription qb pro why do u charge for the mobile companion. rip off. software is already expensive. american greed!!!!
easy to use. very easy to use compared to other programs i have tried.
. fast efficient and tech savvy.
. love it. recommended by a friend makes life easy. my team in the office can create an invoice and i just fill in the blanks get customer to sign when job is complete and sent before leaving site.
much help. other then the normal bugs, this program works well and is easy to work with. nothing in this life is perfect but they strive to make it so. thank you staff of quick books. keep up the good work. peace & blessings.
". i scanned several receipts and submitted them through the app. they were confirmed by the app as ""added"". half of them are now missing with no explanation of where they went. those receipts were already disposed of. completely unacceptable."
the invoice customization need big improvement. if you define customization mean capability to make different invoice like different logo diferent information on footer etc. i have to diferent areas of service in my company that use a diferent logos and footer information but quick book on line not work like the desktop version in this part. please fix that !!!!!
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
fantastic app for a superb product!!. i've been using quickbooks since i began my private voice and piano studio. i am able to easily track invoices and payments and send reminders to my students and their parents. the app has helped me save time when adding payments so i can focus my time on my students. i also love how i can send receipts and reminder invoices even when i am on the run! definitely a 5 star product & app!
not helpful. this app doesn't help me. i get errors every time i try to match or categorize a transaction from my bank. it's useless for me.
limited usefulness. app is fairly thin on functional features. if you aren't doing invoices might as well go to the real website instead.
great product. i love using the cloud version of this software to make my business more streamlined
great program. i like it's ease of and accessibility from anywhere. i haven't had any issues.
great software. great affordable option for small businesses. this software is incredibly helpful to ease the stress of being an entrepreneur.
no invoices. not very useful.
great for contractors. on the go app that helps with contracts and invoices . i can use ipad or even phone to show my clients and get approval and signature for new contracts . just what i was looking for
great app. convenient. quickbooks app is very easy to use and makes tracking expenses quick and easy.
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent. update, it's been 5 days and i'm still locked out of my account after payment was made. quickbooks has offered to transfer payment method directly to them. google play informed me that quickbooks refuses to refund my subscription, while quickbooks denies that that is the case. fyi been a quickbooks user for 3 years now, and never had an issue, til now."
owner. i can't add attachments without it freezing. crashes constantly and touch id does not work
. takes some time to kearn but very good companion to the full cloud app for the laptop
. handy but a bit slow
. great with some improvements would be nice if invoice generated from app had the pay online link like the invoices i send from computer. is there a setting that i need to change to activate this feature?
awesome.. would be 5 star if we had a shipping address on mobile version. i love this app make my life so easy. thank you.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments.
good app. it's come a long ways since it was first introduced. can't be without it!
so far so good. i’ve only been using a short time, but i like the speed and usability, more than on the desktop app.
. the app is useless. google sign in simply doesn't work. links to my invoices still open in browser even when i have the app installed.
. garbage! just a scam that fishes for personal information. stay the hell away!
ios impacts the rating. it is impossible to fathom that in 2019 i cannot view andor pay sales tax on my ipad whether i use the quickbooks app or via a web browser. and how is it that i cannot enter bills on my ipad? given what intuit charges for qbo and payroll, which we use, this is totally unacceptable.
the best. i used qb desktop from 2004 until fall 2016 when i switched to qb online. had heard bad things about the online making me nervous about the switch but i guess they’ve gotten the bugs worked out. absolutely love qb online. love that our dispatching software works with it.
. the app has stopped working. wont sync my data. very angry as i have customers who need their bills
. works good for what i need which is keeping track of jobs and money invoices and estimates
wonderful app!!!. couldn't sing the praises high enough. i run a small, single member managed llc and the quickbooks online app is everything i need. i can create and send invoices and sales receipts on the go, even have the customer sign right on my iphone or ipad.
. this app is very useful for my shop for trak inventory item and gst purpose and more
. explain to me why i cannot screenshot anything any more? i have multiple customers that like to see their over all balance owed but now i can't send them a screenshot anymore. so you update the app to fix things, manage to mess up the one feature that worked best for me and still haven't fixed th spelling on the word supplies (it's literally spelt suppliea). great job!
. truly powerful software! takes a bit of getting used to, but once you grasp how it works, which is relatively simple, you're able to meaningfully track the financial health of your business.
error!. when i login with credentials it says connecting and finally shows me error
powerful bookkeeping in your hand.. fantastic program to track costs, expenses, create invoices and it's all done to generally accepted accounting principles.
love it. they fixed the errors i was having. great app now.
sloooooooowwwww!!! iphone 6. very slow to do simple things like log an expense. camera feature is useless with crop feature. can i have the option to turn this off? just wanna take a photo without auto crop which 90% does a bad job. other than that its great :)
. great business app
. good this is a pretty good program. it would be better if you could create purchase orders and make deposits.
. not nearly as useful as the desktop version very weak app. still needs tons of improvement
keeps crashing in iso 13, can’t even start up. didn’t they have enough time to test before the final release of ios13? minor issues are one thing but the app doesn’t even start, that’s a sev1 that should have been caught long time ago.
exceptional. this is incredible intuitive software that keeps you completely up to date. it saves hours of time. this is very easy to use. highly recommend for every business owner.
update is buggy. the latest update won't save invoices correctly and doesn't pull up all my clients names. i hope it's fixed soon i use it daily. also won't allow touch id or pin sign in!
make that 6 stars. love love love this app! makes life easier!
useless. unless i am missing something i find this app absolutely useless. it does not show all of my accounts, so i can't see the account balances. supplier balances also don't show, if i need to play a supplier. it still needs a lot of work, so i will stick with using my macbook until then. it's actually not even worth using.
company activity and payments are not updating!. the new version does not work!!
new update make it worse. take a lot to load and open, still missing two things, send invoices by text message and option to choice your start screen menu
pants app! does not refresh, to many glitches!. poor show on the app! creates more work for me then needed, stick to logging in online. far easier than trying to refresh the app manually, i'll get grey before i can do any accounting with this app!!
disappointing update. was able to do deposit on the go with earlier version. please fix.
lots of errors.. there are a lot of bugs with qbo, and my accountants have noted errors in the reports. apparently qb is aware but haven't resolved the issues. we have also had numerous glitches in the program  including not being able to log into our account (only being able to log into my accountant's page). this issue has been ongoing for over 18 months without resolution. overall qbo has great potential if it only worked properly.
. be warned easy to subscribe almost impossible to cancel subscription has been at it for hours it seems like an undertaking of several days will try again tomorrow.
refresh invoice?!?. trying to add new items to existing invoice with partial payment received and won't let me save changes! refresh invoice means what, exactly? without this function why do i need my subscription? made office work harder as now must go submit through pc and pray that works...
. worked fine until they updated the app, now does not work at all, can't even find my account, worthless
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program.
. if we can check stock from the apps, that would be better. please consider so i can use it just with my mobile to check everything.
one man show. this app helps tons: estimate and invoice from anywhere.
. stupid 2apps at qb idot coders. so you have one app and it is great that tracks mileage and receipts but it doesn't communicate with cloud quickbooks. then you have this app that doesn't have those features. how can you dominate the market and be this foolish someone's going to come along and take their lunch money.
pretty good. app doesnt have enough functionality though, need to go to the website version all the time
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck
so. slow.. this app functions ok, i guess but it runs so slow! taking a receipt picture to enter an expense, for example, should be a quick and easy fast but the app moves so slow and it takes too many taps to complete such a simple task.
. this is really a great tool for quickly adding expense to your accounts. definitely a time saver
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
quickbooks on iphone ios 13 wont open. can you please fix the bug i can’t log in osi 13
. it's great to send invoices and estimates through email from my phone
. i messaged support about my subscription it was not what i wanted. i cancelled the account last month and was still billed and on the subscription. would like a refund on my card
time tracking missing from app. i bill services by the hour and pay extra for the version of quickbooks that supports time tracking. was very disappointed to see this feature completely missing from the app. it’s such an obvious thing to have on the go. now i need to have a totally separate system to track time...
. app freezes and crashes several times a day. the photo receipt scan feature is probably the biggest culprit. even simple things like updating my business contact information yields an error message which is usually followed by a crash. the mac version of qbo isn't any better. similar issues there. very clunky, buggy applications. too much time spent troubleshooting. time for an alternative.
needs a calendar interface. great app, a clickable calendar link would make it more user friendly. also needs the ability to edit notes on products and services.
very helpful. this app does everything we need to organize our finances for our cleaning business.
owner and operator of cool rush inc inc. this app has helped me to manage my business keep track of my account receivable keep track of my spending this is the best app i ever had
same as other free app. wave does the same and it's free... once it's finish my period i am out.
great app. this app  software really saves my life.
login' this app. makes my life so much easier. i can do everything on the go. saves time! love it!
at your fingertips. it's nice to be able to send invoices and check your books anywhere you are. haven't had any issues.
unusable. stopped working after ios 13 update, can't add expenses and support is unresponsive
. it would be very nice if i could attach my pdf warranty to every job without having to upload it from my device every time and choose it from a list like notes. but notes is so stupid you can only attach a jpg to it, no documents!!
. we went from pro 2012 to the online version it easy and the android app works very well i can now run my business from under a fishing brolly if i want a day out,! updated, one thing that needs looking at is a ' restore' point i made a mistake and deleted a file with no back up available! can we have a back up please?
qbo app. great to know i can do invoices etc on the go.
. unable to edit or delete products on setup pretty disappointed couldnt load suppliers not an easyapp at all. plus the set tutorial is different to app presented for 10.95 a month
. this app makes my life so much easier.
love it. easy to use. great support team.
. makes my life much easier! i like the app better than the online version!
great mobile app. this app is perfect for my business. i'm out of the office majority of the day so being able to send or create estimates and invoices is very nice. quick and easy
easy. extremely easy to use
cool app. very easy to use
some quirks but overall a great app. love the ease of running the office portion of the business on the go. this app is very easy to use and manage your customers and your business.
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
it's good but could use something. i really liked the ipad app since i could see more. since many androids have larger screens something similar would be nice.
so easy to do books on the go!. i cannot say enough about the convenience of the app. i use it as soon as i get paid to log payments on it novices and enter sales receipts. this app and hiring a bookkeeper have been the best financial tools for the success of my business!
pas mal !. application très conviviale — me sauve plusieurs heures de pénible saisie comptable par mois. quelques petites fonctions additionnelles permettraient une utilisation encore plus conviviale, comme le fait de pouvoir par défaut définir des taxes (qui sont, dans 95% des cas toujours la même chose) au lieu de devoir spécifier le tout chaque fois...
gerald. tax . tax here applied is actually confusing as only sales tax is taken into account. it's as if purchases or expenses are not taxed. if you need to claim tax on purchases or expenses doesn't show anything. it's as if i do it manually or. how do i import quickbook intuit into quickbooks online. or why not merge some features in intuit to online. it's not only as you say to do invoice as you go but you can't account for your taxes.
. i am really happy by the way it helps me keep track of my expenses and consumption taxes. one thing i would like to see on the mobile app is being able to view your taxes, same as you can on the desktop version.
cumbersome. qb stinks on ice! i so miss the older versions! oh, qb online will not integrate into turbo tax! i would never use it again if i had a choice. i'm looking into sage. the menus are horrible it's so cumbersome to move from one screen to another. constantly hangs up and freezes!!!
excellent tool. the industry benchmark. does exactly what i need  and on the fly too!
great app. it's good to use this to add pics of receipts to your account while you work on the mac. i have been waiting for this for such a long time. i needed something to replace the outdated ato's erecord.
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing i can't create and send my invoice please fix asap
makes me look like a pro!. i'm just a dude that runs a small business. i'm good at what i do, but i'm not an accountant or bookkeeper. quickbooks online let's me do what i'm good at and not worry about the details.
. fantastic. best app ever
. cancelling your subscription seems impossible. i've emailed, called, used their help menu. it shouldn't be this hard. still trying to cancel.
update ruined a great small business tool. quickbooks use to be an awesome tool to let us send invoices after a job is completed on the spot. it also allowed a user to edit payment information anywhere via the mobile app. this is now all gone thanks to the new update. if it is not fixed soon, we are looking into transferring our accounts to another system.
lousy service. spent all morning trying to upload an expense only to be told i had no internet connection. can't it determine i have no server connection? so most of the morning i spent in one que after another and finally hanging up. i must say that the convenience of being mobile outweighed the inconvenience of not having too much versatility, but only if i am able to be mobile. i hate wasting time, and so i want payback.
. i have not been able to log into the app. i keep receiving an error message indicating i need to install the latest version, but it is already installed. i even attempted uninstalling and reinstalling, to no avail.
it's nice but could use some improvement. i use the phone app and the mac app, there's things that annoy me and waste time when using.
tonya pitchford. app and product are useless for my particular business. very hard to deal with, fees are high
not available?. i need this app to work with my uk quickbooks account that handles multiple currencies. the iphone app is at least functional but lacking many features.
. since a few updates ago when fingerprint sign in was introduced, i've had problems with mileage logging never logs it properly and data is never saved 😡
useless. this app is useless because if you have an online account with mac or pc you cannot use this app on your ipad! save your time, don't download it.
very unstable!. downloaded the new version but the app consistently crashes just after login. real shoddy development and testing by intuit.
. great app. saves time and simplifies billing customers on the go.
is this a lite version? where are the other features?. the features included in the app are good, but i wish it was a bit fuller. it's like a lite version. more capability with a paid add maybe?
class reporting is needed badly for the app. without class reporting this app doesn't provide a lot of use for someone with multiple locations.
more harmonisation needed.. i find myself, more often than not, logging in to the desktop version. bank updates are very “hit and miss” particularly early morning.
. super customer service!
. can retrieve the old account but it won't re activate. created a new account and password.. can't log in. seems to be an app issue or software
love qb online. i love everything about it. my favorite features are the qb app and being able to process bids and invoices from my phone! and being able to accept online payments thru the invoicing feature is awesome too.
. very miss leading and is nothink like the tv advert. not to easy to use and over all disappointed. having to use it because of my accountant. no impressed!!!! also no english call centre's! you can't understand the customer help line team as there english is poor. needs english call centres employing english to overcome this problem!!!!!
. billing the customer at the job sites
if only i could run payroll. the only thing the app is missing is the ability to run payroll from the app. if it had payroll it would be a 5 star app rating.
pretty good. it’s really great but there’s a couple of things you can’t do like work on reoccurring invoices.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
wish i started a long time ago. with a service business, being able to keep up on paperwork throughout the day with the mobile app is a huge time savings. i wish there was a side bar that would allow easier navigation though.
absolutely stunning app. best of all the time n useful too
cogs. i need to be able to track inventory and cost of goods on my ipad like right now, please
not helpful. this app doesn't help me. i get errors every time i try to match or categorize a transaction from my bank. it's useless for me.
. great app i love it
invoice menu. filling in spaces for explaining what the invoices for not easy to apply.. design poorly.
love this app!. easy to use and convenient to have access to your books in real time.
very nice!. i love have this power in my phone! i can email invoices or print them out, all on my phone! this app is easy to learn and soooooo fast when you get used to it. there was a lot of thinking when they designed this app, wow
. great app for my small buisness. quickbooks is always improving. best customer service when you have questions.
. not enough to complain! what app let's you try it for free and actually works every time. i can't wait to buy it for all the years to come and use it more than i already do
fantastic app. the best bookkeeping app available. love this app. my bookkeeping has never been so up to date.
. nice app
. after eading all the problems and seeing 90% of the reviews being 1 star im going to save a headache on this scam app should be taken off the market or sued for false advertising and costing people thousands of dollars. all the responses from support sound like they are prewritten for the complaints. please take app off the market and quit ruing the admin side of peoples hard work to start a business.
can't even start the program. i use quickbooks online. when i saw the app, i was excited. i cannot even get past the login screen as it continuously tells me that i have no internet connection (even though i do). if i can't login, the app is useless.
. great app
. easy to use. love the app, but i keep getting a message that my user role is unsupported so i can't do anything.
easy, fast and efficient. this app keeps me organized and on top of my cash flow. it is easier to use than the web interface and it's always with me when i'm on the road. as a mobile trainer, this is invaluable. once customers and vendors are set up, it takes seconds to update invoices, payments, and receipts. highly recommend.
. keep having to login which is annoying. very slow in general. app doesnt update automatically. i have to manually update which takes forever for a relatively small number of changes to be downloaded. after 3 years, still quite disappointed with it.
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk. i have emailed you twice now. still no reply.
. terrible. my bank account will not sync and support refuse to contact me. no transactions show up other than the ones that appeared the first time i downloaded this app. definitely not worth paying for the full version.
can't even login. useless program  i can only use web browser to access, app is not working at all
"keep getting ""session expired"" message with every log in attempt. completely makes the app nonfunctional for on the go business. critical flaw! please fix it!!"
did update have had issues ever since. cannot download all of he files needed keep getting error code 10000. no resolution
crashes. keeps crashing. can't use app at all.
. this is a very user friendly app. i can modify and create estimatesinvoices on the fly! good work intuit!
. terrible app and company. they hold your money and request ridiculous amounts of proof to get it back.
really convenient. love this app. i'm trying it as a trial and i'm sold. we will be getting the monthly service for sure.
great but.... very great app. i rated three stars because you can’t enter employee time from your mobile device. i know it’s a mobile app but you should be able to enter time . i understand that mobile apps are a little different but this seems like a simple task that should be possible. i send invoices and estimates all the time with the mobile app other than that it’s a great app. will update rating when these features are added
. good accounting software. use it mainly for invoices.
pretty basic and useless. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
. the image quality of attaching receipts automatically downgrades and makes everything blurry. this renders the receipt image capture completely useless.
great business tool. this program has helped me i the field like no other program i can think of.
zero stars 10.3 is junk. i used this app several times a day. i run my business on this app. since april 10th i cannot access my data. my business is suffering and intuit cannot fix it. i still have to pay. tech support at intuit  quickbooks recommended i switch to a android. (i doesn't work on my iphone or ipad) i really do not want to invest in new hardware. stay away from intuit they do not care and offer no solutions.
great for my small business. i could not run my business without online quick books and having it at my fingertips on my iphone, ipad and iwatch means i can check things on my downtime like when i'm sitting in traffic.
. use to like this app a lot but now it's been very glitchy and can't even enter anything into quickbooks.
. what a joke......the sales team are so rude....software is actually pretty good but the attitude of the staff in th sales team have completely put me off using this! i will now be looking elsewhere (fresh books etc).....
awesome app!. makes keeping up with my business' cashflow situation from anywhere in the world a breeze!
fast and easy. makes life easy not having to reach a computer to send an invoice!
. this app isn't ready for primetime. used to work better. the reconciliation doesn't work if you need to hit the back button on any transaction no matter how many you approve before it. completely frustrating and gets worse with time.
. great bookkeeping app
. it is really user friendly.
top notch. this app works great, easy to use after i played around with it for a bit. very convenient and quick to use.
the best!. i can't live without my quick books app! better than paying hundreds of dollars for an accountant
app crashing. after updating to the new version, app is crashing. kindly resolve the issue. not able to use
. can't login. the web version works at least.
. they billed my account even though i ended my subscription and was told i would not be billed!!! 😡😠
excellent. my first time using accounting software this is the easiest i've tried love it
great app!!. this app helps me stay connected to my office while being out on jobsites. i can check customer invoices from previous jobs to see what process was done. great app.
. this is an awesome app. make my life so much easier!! it easy to use for my home business.
life saver. one my favorite apps to use while working. i’m on it like a social media page. thanks quick books.
useless app. used to a quickbooks user a couple of years ago, and it was ok then, but now i have recently returned and find it rubbish. a simple thing like adding a company address is turning out to be an impossible task. total waste of my time. it you are a small business using the app via iphone or ipad forget it. stay away
sucks. stupid
. perfect app for a small business
. this app sucks and has for years! maybe if they charged us $1,000 a month then they could get it to work. maybe they just don't care enough to make it work. samsung galaxy s7 will not show entire history for past customers. mildly important!
lot of scope for improvement. finding a lot difficult to access even the simple features like search etc. hopefully the updates will take care of it.
great app. love this app. it helps me so much
owner. love this app work great.
. does what i need it to do.
amazing. is a great app, i love doing all our book work from my phone. anywhere anytime. only down full is i can't do the pay run on the app or phone internet. i need a laptop or computer to do it. other than that, great!
. very nice system. very easy to use. i would like to be able to pull more reports and have more options in the mobile app.
easy invoices. although some setups require a full web browser this app is great for new companies setup and invoicing.
. sweet app
it's a great app.. good to create invoices on the run, and keep track of your business. my only complaint is that there is no place to put in a po or job name. i would also like if customers could sign with a stylist or finger on a touch screen phone. i have a samsung note 3 and would like to see that option. but still a good app.
even worse after last update. didn't think the time loading could get any worse. i was wrong. ap is pretty much useless while with a customer. everything takes forever to load. need to sign in every. single. time. then you click out of the ap and right back in and it makes you use the touch id. super sucky. i very much dislike, yet i need to use it everyday. ugggggggg.
horrible app even if subscribing!. subscribe to the app yet they want me to pay for a new subscription, waste of money for months!
underdeveloped & terrible support. the software is totally undeveloped and does not have the features of the regular desktop version. tech support is horrific, they can't help because they don't have the knowledge. intuit had no business releasing the software to the public it's not even ready for beta yet. the iphone app is worthless!
makes life easy. great app that makes accounting on the fly so simple.
crashes all the time. no matter what version this is, it always crashes on me. i never use this this app, although it would be fantastic if i could.
. stan f. would be great if it has signature capture so that a customer can sign the invoice or receipt. the ipad version has the signature capture feature but quickbooks wants 12.99 per month just to be able to use the ipad app and other 27.00 per month for the online essentials account. thats 480.00 per year just to be able to get a signature capture feature that is only available for the ipad version. quickbooks too primitive
the website & app can not connect. i input the expenses transaction in my computer website (put all the details) and when i opened the apps on my iphone, all my transactions called (no category) what should i do? alrdy delete & reinstalled tho.
. it needs customizable products and services. it updates to often.
no inventory tracking, no reminder. very disappointed with this no inventory tracking, no reminder for the app no not also for me its pointless quickbooks you better fix it i am cancelling my subscription
. very easy to use, takes little effort to keep track of all your sales and spending. i do wish it had a spot to put miles withought buying the mile version though.
ne pas acheter. honnêtement j ai rarement vu un support aussi difficile. des bogues, des manques de fonctionnalités, etc. pas au point pour les entreprise...
last update ruined a great app. invoices won't save now and a customer file disappeared. please fix this app back to operational use soon!
. every invoice i have done since the beginning of 2017 says 90 plus days past due
. great app, makes paperless billing a breeze for a small company.
best app. i wish, i was aware of this an year ago. nevertheless, loving this ....
. this app is super easy to use. love it. idk how many estamates iv created on the fly and converted them to invoices.
easy to use. a very easy to use software that is cloud based with a great phone app. i’ve been using this for some time now and it evolves every year. most for the best. a helpful help call centre should you have any problems. 4 stars as i don't believe you can back this up
simple and easy.. great program, easily accessible. this program does seem a touch too simplified, and an enterprise version that runs and feels like this would be great.
. awesome app. makes running my business so much easier when i am on the go!
. having issues with the app and no help!
love it!. best app for my business!
never has worked on my s7 edge. i loved this app when it worked with my htc. since i switched to this phone, it keeps giving me an error message and despite talking with support multiple times, nothing has been done to resolve this. i have uninstalled and reinstalled the app multiple times and it has not resolved the problem. i have seen similar issues reported with this phone.
good app poor customer service. was trying to switch over my account settings and the representative i had helping me seemed very lost and wasn’t of any help. still confused on how to swap my account to a different package and receive refunds on duplicate charges. really quite frustrated. besides that the app itself provides the services i need.
figuring qb. been using this version ( the only one i ever used) for over 2 years. it seem to get better and continue improving. i still feel frustrated at times about a certain feature but whenever i need support it's available.
broken for ios 13 please update. when you jack up the price 25% i expect more
terrible app. quickbooks is a terrible app on my iphone & my ipad. it's not even a good program on my computer. it's extremely limited & each update does nothing to improve it. if there was another accounting system i could use, i would.
missing some features. should have all the capabilities that the web site has, no reason not too. i can print from my phone so why not print my payroll too? at least viewrun payroll.
. full featured app! quickbooks makes it easy to stay organized. this full featured app brings the desktop to you. easy to make invoices on the go.
. great app. i use it daily .
new update issues. the previous update solved these issues, but this current update causes error messages with sales rep login whenever creating invoices, and also causes printing communication errors constantly.
. great app! well worth the investment!!
very useful, ios 13 login issue however. as the title says. this software, when combined with the website version, can be incredible useful. the layout is good. i use it for work and once you get to know it it’s pretty good. currently there is an issue logging in with ios 13.
. good app, simple and yet very decent would give 5 stars but the hardware android menu button doesn't do anything. set it to open that side bar, also it needs a speed increase. sometimes it takes over 40 seconds to update. otherwise great app, easy to use. eagerly await updates to this.
am going to give 4 stars. so far so good am enjoying this new software. only thing i can't get to work so far is printing with note 3 and printshare click the print button and it does nothing
. dreadful experience so far. bought qb 16th dec 2019 and cant get a call back from an english speaker to help me with set up despite multiple attempts! why is sales uk based but support isnt? this is 2nd review  1st disappeared!!! so disappointed and very desperate to get started. i can login to qb online but says im in usa not uk. i have emailed you twice now. still no reply.
basic business. although it does have obvious business needs covered. it doesn't offer the next step in organization. without the ability to create work orders, or track services performed. it remains a minuscule part of my daily business. it really doesn't have anything that separates itself from other simple invoicing programs or applications. it's cloud based convenience remains the reason for my usage.
crashing. updated to ios 13 and now the app keeps crashing after face id, please get this sorted as i can’t run my business
need other option. need an option for employees that travel to do trip expense that import as a bundle. i use pro premier 2015
great software. this does everything i absolutely need it to do. i wouldn't use anything else it's easy to manage they have great customer service and i don't have any complaints about it keep up the great work thanks for making my job a lot easier.
easily the worst app on ios. this is the single worst and buggiest app on the app store. it is buggy, gives random permissions errors, and generally fails to get the job done.
limited functionalty. the app has limited functionality, can't see transaction details of any expenses and income accounts; can only see the assets and was told to use the browser version. can't drill down from a report to see the details of the transactions. touch id login is handy. so it's better to just use the browser version.
great app!!. no issues so far. simple to use.
been asking for a simple feature for years.. still to this day i’m amazed i cannot do the most important task on the mobile app. if i’ve created an expense via my desktop. i have no way of viewing it or editing it on the mobile version. it’s totally un integrated.
good app. i have used this now for two years. it works well.
. the app works but doesn't seem to pull data quickly even over wifi or 4g
unclear and sneaky. nowhere in the app did it say that i needed a different product if i’m selfemployed. so i signed up and paid for my first month without knowing that it wasn’t the right one. i’ve paid double the amount i needed to and not even used it and never will use it. a waste of money. not happy at all.
ok in parts. most of the invoices don't reach the recipient and when receiving payment it automatically defaults to undisclosed funds.
most productive app. using this app on my iphone and ipad hs made my life so much easier! i've been able to invoice my customers without having to lug me laptop around. truly an awesome app!
. app doesn't want to update. i need to use it now not later. this is unacceptable.
multiple selection?. hey is it possible to do multiple when using this app on iphone like it’s possible when using my ipad. if not can you make it possible.
. i've really enjoyed using this app but with this new version i really hate. can't seem to understand why you'll will take of some important options.
it's okay. i like being able to do banking on the app but need more. i can't record a bill to a vendor, i can't mark a payment to undeposited funds. i would love these features
. dont bother if you dont have access to pc or laptop.basic features like editing customer email is not available on mobile devices including tablets.if an invoice isnt sent because the recipient email address sends it back,you have no way of knowing that an error has occurred even when attempting to check via any web browser.caused me £1000's of cashflow headache. contacted customer support,got a nonsensical response.made it sound like the problem is an actual feature of the app and software.
amazing. great app and really easy to use. no need to wait to be at the office to do any transaction, all done easy and simple right on the spot!!!!!!!
. great app. love it's simplicity.
major problems with the newest update!!!. the app was working great until a few days ago. now i cannot receive payments on my iphone due to a bug in the app and i also cannot send an invoice via email on my iphone or ipad now. ☹️
don't believe the negative reviews!!. i think the application is a huge time saver. works great on my ipad air 2. i strongly recommend this app! it's like getting a full time bookkeeper for only $30 per month! i like having my business records semiautomated in the cloud. intuit offers a 30 day trial. why not just try before you buy? that's what i did and i haven't been disappointed.
crash issues. this app crashes on the new iphone 11 pro max using ios 13. please release updates to resolve the issue.
. extremely user friendly. easy to navigate and syncing with desktop is seamless.
works well. it crashes and freezes every now and then which is annoying but it usually works very well. it's a very helpful app for my business
mobility at its best!. is like having your business at the palm of your hands! just sent out a $40k invoice while on a cruise ship in mexico. also love the storeforward function. no need to be connected, once you get connected it will be sent out. great app!
update ruined a great small business tool. quickbooks use to be an awesome tool to let us send invoices after a job is completed on the spot. it also allowed a user to edit payment information anywhere via the mobile app. this is now all gone thanks to the new update. if it is not fixed soon, we are looking into transferring our accounts to another system.
awesome. the app provides an excellent opportunity to update all expenditures to find out exactly what's in my bank account anywhere i have signal for my phone.
there’s just 1 thing... i have been loving the way this program functions. the only thing i continually wish for is that i would be notified when a customer opens an estimate, not just the invoice.
app crashing in ios 13. please note that the app is crashes in ios 13. have not been able to open it sine updating. otherwise it is a fantastic application.
. why doesn't this app work at all on my samsung?? its saying it can't be supported.
a great app. this has revolutionised my business. saving me hours of admin every week.
". signed up, gave cc info, created account, password etc. system then froze, gave me no confirmations and started billing me. spoke with the ""chat help"" which is people who can't spell common words or understand english. they were unable to cancel my account. now i have to through mastercard to get my money back. thank god my business is not dependent on this ancient software."
does not function. doesn't load new invoices. app is now useless.
still not what i need!!. this is not what i need as an accountant to handle quickbooks functions on the go. why can't we just have access to the full functionality of quickbooks online? i still can enter bills to be paid or checks to be printed. these are two of the most important functions i handle for my clients. let me know when i can get it all!
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
no multi currency = useless. i enabled multicurrency on my quickbooks account, which you can not revert once applied. and now i find that when i log into the app, it won’t show transactions or customers that use anything other than my base currency. useless. utterly useless.
crashes on launch. latest os installed, the app crashes when i try to open it. hope a fix comes soon!
great app  easy to use. enough said. it helps me keep track of my invoicing as well as my expenses. great for small businesses.
no refund and help support was clueless.. called twice no one could help me and both phone numbers proved useless. billing support was not helpful. could not even locate my ipad online subscription thru itunes. waste of time and money in my experience.
. i thought it was bad three years ago! its much worse now. not user friendly and still doesnt support my form of business. all they really do with this app is track your bank account and catigorise things. you can only catigorise as an expense or income. its the new year and new month and its counting transaction from jan 2019 as transactions from december 2018. i need help. any recomendations on business softwesr that also has tax softwear?
c'mon man. still won't let you attach items. ...... please fix!
. apps bad after last update... you can't easily see invoice and or estimate amount anymore, you have to click each invoice & estimate to see numbers... i will be changing program's soon if not fixed.... we need to be able to easily scroll up and down the hundreds of open invoices and see where things are, not open each invoice to get information... way to timeconsuming... can't screenshot what's going on because the update before prohibits this now.... please devs fix
. app stops working constantly. mixes up info on invoice and has even added up invoice totals wrong. update getting worse and nothing is being done to fix. have asked for help and get none. i have invoices that have disappeared off the app!? to quick books stop the b.s. and supoort your app.
good but app missing functionality. the app does not compare to the desktop version. the app does not show menu item for employees. i am using android and have reinstalled as advised by qb support but it makes no difference.
. this app is not working with samsung note 9
not bad however. could we have a fingerprint scan to open the app as a measure of security please!!!
. i'm on the go a lot and being able to access qb online from my mobile lets me access and do things quickly and efficiently. i'm able to create invoices and see who owes me money. it's great
. the app sucks really bad, it's full of continuous bugs and it is unstable, every time you try to add attachments to expenses the app freezes does not save and shut down, find another solution because it's sad.
. so far this has made invoices quick and easy
. too often getting experiencing technical difficulties when trying to login.
. user friendly
crashes a ton. this is a great app for bookkeeping for my business, but it crashes almost daily on my iphone. please get better engineers for the functionality of this app!! so frustrating when i’m in the middle of printing invoices and the app crashes! how am i supposed to conduct business that way!?!
statement from app ?. works great for me but i wish you were able to print off a statement from the app.
sweet baby jesus this is exactly what i need. it has never been so easy to stay so financially organized. as someone who os chronically disorganized this app is a blessing. definitely worth the price when you need to record your expenses and write receipts, invoices and all sorts of other business related things to be professional.
record keeping at its finest. works great and keeps my business records up to date at all times. so simple to use but capable of handling any business transaction you may need.
. fast and efficient. but some delays from computer to app.
". the information syncs between the app & the quickbooks online because it's all saved in the ""cloud"". i used a more primitive system before this and wasn't sure how it would work, but i must say that i wish i'd done it years ago. i love quickbooks online. the desktop version is a bit easier to use, so i input from there and access the information whilst i'm out on my phone. it's really easy to resend invoices or quotes whilst i'm out. awesome!"
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain. here is another update ok the app. it says clients have paid invoice on my phone when they haven't app is frustrating to work with.
. app banking does not work on android pixel 3. crashes as its loading transactions. i called quickbooks and got the runaround, didnt take my issue seriously. stuck using computer
fix the bugs. this program has many bugs and has connectivity issues. the level of problems with the software is extensive. when the program works correctly it works nicely, but the downtime and glitches greatly degrade the value of this software. i would look for an alternative accounting software package. i do not know anyone who has used this software that would give it a five star rating. in other words, i am very skeptical of the rating shown.
. i've used different accounting software to see there was a difference in the softwares. well its a big deal. never will i stray again!!
. great software. easy to use!
excellent app!. anything that can please my accountant and help me stay organised gets my vote!
. app is not working after the recent update, i am not able to login. it's simply goes blank after tapping the qb icon
doesn't work. app crashes on load and while logging in. pretty useless so far. :(
add missing payroll  keypay. please add missing keypay. thanks
keep on improving!. hope that when using finger print to log in the crashes will subside. in addition looking forward to the mobil versions looking and acting more like the desktop. don't get me wrong... i do feel that there has been substantial progress but i'm looking forward to not having to drag my lap top.
qbo saved my books. this app is a great extension to the desktop, cloud based program. everything you need in the palm of you hand and more.
crashing after ios 13 update. after ios 13. i can not log into my quickbooks app please fix this asap
pretty but not functional. it's bizarre how the graphics continue to be improved but the functionality doesn't. i've been trying to use this app for years but the features i need on the go are missing such as timekeeping. mostly this app seems to work a lot like you would imagine quicken mobile to work, by being able to look up past banking transactions. but i can do that on my banking apps for free already.
. great app
lies. absolute lies  “run your entire business”?! give me a break  they’ve completely left out the employees payroll features and it doesn’t work when you login from an ios browser. typical qbo wasting my time and money
". was great, while it worked. like the previous review, on a galaxy s9 i just get a blank dashboard and cannot enter new expenses. so the product has no use. not very impressed with qb's ""we're working on it"" response. this should have been basic testing done by the team, not by paying customers."
very solid app.. a couple gripes, but overall great user experience.
love it!. nuff said
excellent!. a great app. easy to use and gives the features of the browser version on the phone. a small flaw: the + to add new things in, specifically on an iphone x, sits a little too low meaning it’s under the home bar. it’s optimised nicely for an x, though!
good for on the go business#. great app for mobile business. lacks some of the functionality of desktop version. i like the way i can record every transaction on the go, even invoices and payments. i don't like the fact that you can run only one business per subscription. much to expensive to pay separate for subscriptions if you have more than one business.
. so far, so good... much better and more functional than similar apps.
. the only down side i find that i cant check the inventory from the app which rely effect the mobility of it
quick books. awsome app. helps when your always on the go.
love it, i use it everyday for my business. qbo has helped my business grow buy looking professional, keeping up with invoices, and giving easy ways for the customer to pay.
. didn't get any customer services after emailing them.
update is awful.. please fix the app. it was great until the last update!! can't even get tech support without it crashing.
does not work with ios13. does not work with ios 13
waste of time. horrible sync, features missing. do not waste your time.
need to support multi account. i have 2 accounts abs it’s a pain in but to switch.
will not let me access my info!!!. ever since i got new phones for my technicians ,samsung s5, i have not been able to access any of my customers, transactions, or invoices. i use qbo for my business, but have now lost all mobile capabilities. if not resolved, i will be forced to use a different accounting software. 5 stars if working properly.
. does everything i need it to!
junk. this app is an embarrassment to use. doesn't attach correct to emails, rude default email tags, and prints too light to fax. i used qb contractor for 10 years before being talked into ipad by apple as the way to go mobile. save your money do things right. this freezes up a lot too which if you have time to wait may be for you.
for on the go. this app works amazing for exactly what is it built for, on the go.
silly errors. there are a few silly things that would be so easy to correct. invoice design, and worst of all sending a customer a copy of a paid invoice shows invoice amount as 0.00. not the actual amount and paid.
useful. useful for capturing my daytoday personal spendings
bad update. i was having trouble with the mileage tracker and now with the update i can’t even check the settings. please fix this. i am paying for this service to help run my business. this isn’t a free game app.
great app!. very useful, but i think it still needs some work. very limited, need to offer more functions.
. great app
only basics. the app appears to make available only the very basic functions. i don't see reports, and i signed on to complete some company preferences, add classes, and set opening chart of accounts. none of these are functional.
great app, easy to use!. this is a great financial management app. i'm far from an accountant but once you have your chart of accounts set up, keeping track of expenses and income is a breeze! a few swipes of your finger and you can reconcile your bank accounts. if only more things were this easy!
. good app, but please can you add mode of payment to sale receipts and receive payment. anytime i do sale receipt on the app, it post the cash directly to undeposited fund account i created instead of bank account of cash and cash equivalent that i created... please help us fix this pls
opens the closes. after the last update of quick books i can not access it on my ipad. there for it is costing me money. i hit the app it opens the closes right back. i have uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it is the same thing. i have 3 jobs i did today that i could not take payment on because of this. please fix asap
love it!!. makes life easier being able to enter transactions from my phone!
. love the invoice and quote features...still trying to get the hang of bank reconciliations.
still needs some changes. multiple addresses for a company is still a drama as it changes all previous invoices and quotes. plus ipad app continually won't save edited quotes. have to use desktop version to edit invoices or quotes successfully. annoying!
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses.
good app but.... i automatically give apps that force me to rate them a onestar.
2 stars. lack feature for canadian user. improved since update. no longer have connectivity problem over 4g. current problem with receiving online payment as i am a canadian user. paid same rate as american user with less but crucial feature. your thoughts developer?
. easy to use and my accountant recommended it highly.
app lacks functionality. info being offered isn't current 2017 information. try looking up purchase orders per vendor and it displays last years (2016) scattered information. not very useful... this app is only good for sales invoices and p&l reports. that's about it. and who's to say that stuff is even current without double checking with the online database from your computer. payments: unreliable looks like i'm sticking with the gopayment app. just another step to my day to day book keeping tasks...
. great app
. this is a very user friendly app. i can modify and create estimatesinvoices on the fly! good work intuit!
not for administrators. this app may be alright for sales people but doesn't do bookkeepers and admin people any good. i need to check register balances, p & l and balance sheets. this app doesn't allow for that.
awesome. works great never had an issue with yet to date
fix finally now i can get back to work.. this version fixed the errors from the last update. glad it working again. quickbooks has been good except the last update. this one fixed the issue. we us this app for our onsite business and it's great. several times i would send an invoice to the customer when i'm leaving their home and before i get to the next job it's already paid.
no app support for time activity. come on quickbooks! no time activity entry in the app?! ridiculous!
. i like it when on the desktop it's easy to use but downloaded the app on my phone and i can't even log on!
better than ever but. i'd say your app is better than ever but you won't get 5 stars from me until i can do payroll on this app.
lots of steps. i like the app but there are lots of steps and it takes me a while. occasionally the transaction doesn't go through. it does update my quickbooks so i like that and it saves my bookkeeper time
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
update killed app for me!. used to love this app as i’m a paid subscriber, but the recent update doesn’t launch anymore. i’ve tried removing and reinstalling same result. iphone x.
no multiple account support?. would like to give it a better rating but without multiple account functionality it's value for me is limited. otherwise good functionality.
love qb online. most time saving, userfriendly, awesome, efficient app ever!!!!
. excellent app
fire the entire team. worst app. login doesn't work. recovery doesn't work. craptastic adventure
way to much money for the service don't buy into claims. never is up to date loads so slow a total waist of money.
convenient app!. good app, just wish it would migrate previous category info for existing payees. it would be 5 stars then.
no bill?. come on, we can do all things with expense and nothing with bills? bills are the big part of our business expenses from our vendors. they are not even added to the total expense on the summary dashboard, how can we really tell how our business is doing when a big chunk of cost not appearing? please include the ability to enterviewedit bills asap.
find someone else.. their help desk refuses to speak to the actual person who handles my business books and wanted to do nothing more then waste my time when i have business to run! square is looking even better! 112019 updated response to quickbooks. the person was on the account and had full access. again wasting time and money and horrible customer service.
"don't bother. it says above ""get full access to everything quickbooks online has on the web"". but in fact it is a totally different application geared to salesmen on the road. don't expect to see your accounts here, all you have is:  customers  estimates  your invoices and sales receipts. very disappointing; forget it"
useful app. the app is very helpful for my business, i just which the stock category could be more detailed towards distribution more. but i do give the app the thumbs up 👍🏾👍🏾
easier than i thought. works well for what i need it for, and makes tracking accounts simple.
impressive for mobile. i posted a bad review because of some bugs. i received an immediate response about upcoming updates and a week later it was fixed. i love that level of support. nice app too.
owner. quickbooks online, so far we like everything about except for the fact that it works like crap on an ipad. please come out with an update and patch work soon it's not worth it.
i need this app. i really need to use this app. but everytime i try to create an account it says connection error. i have been sending multiple emails about the same for the past month and no reply. five stars if you fix this problem
messed up. this program really stinks downloaded my accounts and it got all my accounts wrong
email is my only complaint i don't like my emails coming from into it i want to choose my own email so my customers can respond please fix this. respond it's when i'm sending invoices or estimates
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
. this app takes forever to do anything. it literally takes a minute just to open after i tap the app icon. completely useless. information is not reflected correctly during use. just use a web browser instead.
. awful. go through the web browser instead. the app doesn't connect frequently, saying the program is offline, but i can connect through the browser with no problems.
. great even w limited functions i love this ap which allows us to do estimates out in the field and create new customers. we had lost a lot of valueable information because we didn't have a convenient system for integrating that info into our accounting system. i would love to see more functions added to the ap but right now it has improved our workflow and info management.
. no good for basic simple book keeping and way to complicated. why would you trust a group of app developers will your banking details
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
excellent tool for my biz. since i got this app on my phone i hardly need to go to the office, or open my laptop. love it!
. great to have accounting info at your fingertips. only sometimes wish i could get more info from the app but it had all the basic stuff.
small business app. good small business app. careful, they will rock bottom your entry price, get you hooked, then double or more your cost.
"disappointed.... i had high expectations for this app., but it just doesn't deliver. half the features advertised return a message ""feature not supported at this time, please log on from a computer""! so what's the point? why not just not release the app until it works? looking for another option."
need some updates please. the app is good fir me and easy to use .. i would like to insert in settings options to automatically change the color of the invoices every 15 20 days .let say when the invoice goes 15 days old to automatically change in yellow ,then when is 30 days orange ,45days old red and on and on and on :) ;)
pretty basic and useless. edit: still can’t see monthly reports. i don’t need the annual pl as much as the monthly. can't do a lot of things. it's very very basic , pretty much a basic overview of your account. you can’t do anything even as detailed as seeing the transactions in a pl report. it’s only broad overview stuff and entering new transactions. can’t even switch cash vs accrual. severely limited and cannot work in a pinch when you can’t use an actual computer.
qb app is useless. i’ve been quickbooks user for a long time and discovered this app gives a totally different set of numbers than quickbooks online does. expenses are different than real version so please beware, you can’t trust the numbers. contacted support to no avail. i guess they don’t read the other reviews either.
. excellent for mobile businesses, only wish that i could see the same dashboard as on the pc version.
. i love this app! it and all the other quickbooks apps have revolutionized my business!
since last update app is glitchy. usually this app works great but since last update it has a couple glaring glitches that make it less then desirable to use.
useless. all i want is to do, while i am out and about, is enter my expenses and take a pic of the receipt and sync it. not even close to happening with this app.
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
so much better. intuit have certainly listened to there customers and have massively improved the app with some recent updates. so much better and easier to use than before. well done intuit finally glad a huge company has finally listened to its customers
. creating full invoices away from the office! i love the fact that no matter where i am, when someone calls me with a proposal for my business, i can literally be anywhere type up an invoicequote for my business. save the information to my database which is accessible by a usernamepassword and also email it directly to my potential client. in fact, im setting 3 different invoices right now. get this app if you are in business, it's well worth it.
ok but frustrating. doesn't do as much as online version. lots of error messages when downloading bank data. poor customer service, not responsive when errors flagged.
outstanding app!. owning a small business has enough headaches as it is. with quickbooks, estimating and invoicing projects and services couldn't be easier! everything is streamline! here's a look inside my day to day as a landscaper using quickbooks: initial client meeting> estimate delivered before i leave the property.. bam! they call back that night or the next day and we have the job. after we finish the project, turn that estimate into an invoice on site.. bam! paid! $$ in the bank!
i love it. it is a great app and program for me i have a catering co. and it works great for what i do i am on the road all the time and it never fails. it always works with ease
. great app
one man show. this app helps tons: estimate and invoice from anywhere.
. absolutely the worst. they cost us $3,450 that a customer sent to us as a payment. they held the money from us and them. an the rep was so happy, they even closed down our account. sad
horrible app!!!. online service seems to work good but use my phone a lot on the go!!! can't do any billing from app anymore!!! really hurting disappointed!!!! who do you talk to about this!!!! i give the app no stars
waste of time. glad i haven't gotten past the trial offer because nothing syncs with my quickbooks online. so the obvious question is what's the freaking point of this app? completely unimpressed. someone's making money off of doing nothing. wow. i want that job!
needs improvement. with every update the app gets worse and worse. not mention the desktop online even worse the ios app
"about 710. not bad but not good. the app keeps requiring updates if used on apple products. not an issue but the updates never appear. quickbooks blames apple and apple blame quickbooks. we ""updated to the cloud version"" from a pcm based quickbooks. so far we are very very disappointed."
kerrie. herc's girl
qbol. great app!
. they did a great job on this app. it's easy to use and i'm able to do all of my invoicing on my phone or tablet.
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
very good for business!. quickbooks is a great app for managing the everyday finances for my business that i just start. no matter what is a small business, this is the right one.
quickbooks online. there are a few little glitches between phone tablet and desktop but all in all it's a great program saves time works really well for customers send an email to confirm payment is nice adding a customer in your phone does not work but as long as i use the administrator adding names as i go it works well in the field
. great app help me so much with my company
. tried again 1 year later and customer service is a screwed up and uninformed as ever... quickbooks online is great as long as you never have a bug or issue that requires you to actually talk to someone... you were warned.....
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 3 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank. the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
could be a lot better. in this app you can't do a lot of things that you can do online even with a mobile phone or a tablet it still limited on the functions that i can do i still have to get on my computer so having the online version is no different than having the desktop version
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
. great software. made my life much much easier!
. love the app
easier than all other apps. i literally tried out a dozen other apps trying to get one free or cheap. efforts were futile. i broke down and bought this one and never happier. it works like a charm and no dead buttons. does what i want it to do and no limitations.
. this app is awesome!!!
. getting better with every release. still have to reinstall every so often. at&t galaxy s5. otherwise works perfectly 99.95% of the time.
convenient. the mobile features are easy to use. still getting it organized. i'll update as i get more familiar with it.
continuing issues. i've had the online and app for over a year and a half but the last 6 months it's a pain. double entries and trouble meshin with my bank for 2.5 months. ugh frustrating
worse update ever. finally you eat our petition to add calculator to the invoice keyboard and removed on this update? app freezes a lot
great app always adding new features. great app always adding new features.!
app is limited on what your can do. the app would be more helpful if i could categorize transactions while on the go among many other features the desktop version offers.
needs better support. i thought this was a great app then it wouldn’t allow expenses to be uploaded, one of the main reasons for using this on the mobile app, support we’re worse than useless and could give no time scale as to when this would be fixed to a small business working on the go this defeated the whole point of using a mobile app, am looking for alternatives
". app for android stinks. only loads a few visible parts and if you try to update an invoice, originally entered on the desktop, it will ""zero out"" the parts not found on the app (causing invoicing discrepancies). ayou also can't upload attachments to invoices (which i use frequently in my business). until intuit can make their app consistent with the desktop version it is unusable for mobility."
terrible. bank wont link and keeps failing, sending invoices and not getting paid as emails are not being received by clients i'm off to get invoice2go see how that goes i don't have this time for all this mess around
great for small business. i run a small business mostly through through etsy. this is a great program to keep track of finances. the only thing i wish is it would integrate paypal here payments like it does square. it would be amazing if it could do the same with etsy. alas, i have to type them in by hand. i love the integrate on my iphone, ipad and macbook. it is very streamlined.
very convenient!. used for invoicing, watching accounts receivable. does well
. excellent love this app.
extremely limited. to be honest, this app does almost nothing i would want it to do. if all you want to do is record payments or call a business contactgreat. if you actually want to keep up with your business (banking, reports, employees, payroll, etc) on the go, this app is near useless. i can't imagine why you would pay to use this. even free i am deleting right away so it doesn't waste any more of my time or space.
low rating until the app supports chart of accounts. the app continues to be under developed for functions that are developed in the web interface. the app is excellent for invoices and credit card transactions if you have a merchant account coupled to your qbo account. the camera can be used in app to document your receipts to the cloud and i use it extensively for hotelairfarerental car expenses and they can be attached to invoices when emailing your customers.
no purchase orders. as of feb 2015, i'm unable to find a way to create purchase orders from this app. without the ability to raise orders for inventory, i cannot run my business, so the app is useless for me. seems handy, so i wish it worked properly.
could use improving. i love that i can quickly post payment and send invoices, but there needs to be a way to see everything and use all of the features. a contractors version would rate more stars from me.
waste of space. all we want to do is access quick books online via our ipads. this app is worthless. as my business continues to grow we will obviously be looking for a software provider that listens to clients instead of putting out disappointments like this. save the space on your ipad and don't bother.
game changer. changed the way i handle my business transactions. from a simple to complex my invoices and estimates are presentable, traceable and accounted for. my reports help me secure loans in a flash. and my accountant loves me.
. can't view emails that it sends, it doesn't track when reminders are sent on past due invoices, you can not offer multiple terms (i.e. invoice net 30 but offer a net 15 discount if they pay early). tech support wait times are extensive (40 min on one call, 20 min on a chat). all that and it's expensive.
. sporadically unable to log in. app now says that the internet connection is offline which is nonsense. for a paid subscription app this has way too many issues. not good and definitely not recommended. there are better invoicing apps for less money readily available.
app has gone downhill since update. youve just done an update and hardly anything works. buttons are unresponsive and crashes! sort it out
works great. works great for my small business. not sure why there are bad reviews, qbo keeps up with my customers information, invoices, and estimates. very easy to use. now on this last update, i did have to uninstall and reinstall on my andriod phone, but within 5 minutes i was back up and running.
the worst app ever. this app is the worst app i have ever used. takes too long to update data .... and sync hardly ever works... does not have overview screen where it shows balances on accounts... no option to sort list differently... showing the oldest payments, open invoices on top... no option to change sorting methods... too many things to list...
. extremely useless and convenient!
"not working. i just downloaded it and it said it was free. it sent me a verification code. when i went back to the app now it is saying i have no subscription. i wish it could have said that in the begging because now my business email is ""registered"" and i can't find a way to delete my email address from this program."
quickbooks  issues and problems. i thought this may be reputable like the brand. boy am i surprised. can't even call to get proper support. they think that a 48 hours turnaround on a request is acceptable these days...for your important accounting software. give others a look first, this online version is lacking what the desktop has.
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time. it works great with my small business to easily access invoices as well as the payment logs.
. can't even get started. created an account and tells me i have 30 days but then tells me i have no subscription whenever i attempted to log in.
amazing app to accompany an amazing program. i've been using quickbooks online along with the app for over a year. my business has never been more organized in regards to accounting. being able to access all of my information from my phone is a game changer. will give the app 5 stars when they implement a way to move items once added to an estimateinvoice.
all that you need at the same app. great app, easy to navigate
. you are loosing users. i also cann't login. please give me possible way to sign up.
quickbooks. really hard to get online started i'll write another review when i get it started
keep crashing. after last update keep crashing. new update came just an hour ago still same crash???!!!doesn’t launch the app please fix asap
great program. i love quickbooks. i run payroll and create estimates, invoices and sales receipts. i am able to link all my accounts even my square account easily and seamlessly. the customer service representatives are competent and friendly.
. i thought it was bad three years ago! its much worse now. not user friendly and still doesnt support my form of business. all they really do with this app is track your bank account and catigorise things. you can only catigorise as an expense or income. its the new year and new month and its counting transaction from jan 2019 as transactions from december 2018. i need help. any recomendations on business softwesr that also has tax softwear?
app problems. app keeps crashing haven’t been able to create invoices for days
too good!. nothing beats qbo for its price and simplicity. easiest system to use for those sme not accounting minded but still need to get the job done!
. i just wanto cancel my trial before march 5th 2019
qb online. just upgraded from wui quickbooks pro 2011 to quickbooks online. this program is absolutely fantastic. i love the ease of receiving payments. love that i can take photos of my receipts paid to vendors. simply a great product. customer support was also wonderful in helping me get transferred from 2011
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
signature doesn't work with ios 9. my signature for my invoices that i need to get paid on no longer works with ios 9. still no update!
great way to run a business. the way razorsync and quickbooks works together makes it possible for me to have a life after work! there are a few more things that would make life easier but overall a big thumbs up!
. makes life much easier.
. works fine on my android phone (granted, i don't use it very often!) but it's 100% buggy in chromebook. i opened it, managed to add one banking item, then it froze. i opened it again, and it froze before i could even load current invoices. uninstalled. i'll keep using the web version
efficient. good to have access on any device. does a great job but a little more customisation for service industry would be good. overall very efficient bookkeeping solution.
. preparing to start a business and this software was rated the best. i took a 5 day class for 4hours. i was so happy that i downloaded this app and used in class too.
. great app, love throwing away receipts just take a picture of the expense, document it, and bam, you're done.
good but needs more functionality. this app works good, but needs more features added. for example, i have to go to a browser and log in there in order to add a deposit manually. i know functionality is being added continuously. so i a hopeful that my review can be a 5 star review in the near future.
. i don't usually write reviews, i always dread using the app. i have a lot of receipt that i need to add to expenses. it's a big effort to find the right transaction and add the receipt. it's painful to juggle between banking transaction and expenses. if usability of the app doesn't improve it's enough for me to pay extra and move to xero.
great app. this is a great app for small businesses.
please stop making my sign in. every other fingerprint authentication app on my phone (banking, password manager, file managers) does not nag me to log in via password every other day. why does this app do so? please fix.
could be better. still no auto save. it’s 2018 folks, time to wake up. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
better if had a progress invoice option.. almost complete, but not perfect. still missing progress invoices feature. i’m using 2 apps because i need that.
service is great to use but.... i do like the service but don’t like that they have increased pricing 3 months me into using the services. now i have to transfer all my data to another program since i do not like the increase.
. very good app for qb
. can not change company name it auto put in my email and then the cord company after so is no good to me
useless. why even bother with this app? i can enter a bill from a sub or supplier on the website or the mac app but can only enter paid expenses here? i can do everything i need to do with my business on my iphone without carrying an ipad or macbook air except use the quickbooks app to enter or actually pay bills (only able to record bills already entered as paid). please fix this (or just tell us you’re not fixing it) !!!
. makes my job so much easier
app glitches. i get an error message 6000 every time i try to add a customer, payment, or any new information. basically it's not functioning, i have to use the desktop version.
absolutely fantastic!. this app is incredible. having been using for 6 months, and it has revolutionised the way we are able to do business. so easy to setup, use and understand. i highly recommend to anyone that needs an easy orderinvoicesales system for their business.
just what i needed. i run a small contractor business doing remodel work. the mobile app has been a godsend. i can track all my estimates, invoices & expenses in one place. helps me track clients that are late payers too (which sometimes happens). i like it. 100% worth the subscription
great mobile app. while i m sure they will continue to make improvements it is really good right now.
simple to use. allows me to manage the books of my business anywhere anytime and i a can create an invoice directly from my phone which is very convenient.
almost impossible to cancel fees. on hold and multiple phone calls. they insist on you jumping through their hoops to cancel the auto pay. it's easier to get your credit card to stop the payments.
"can't create account. hi, i'm new to this app and so i've been trying to create a new account. i've filled in all the required details and pressed ""create account"" ,but that's when a window pops up saying, ""missing 'content type' "". and because of that i haven't been able to create an account. please help me, it's been 2 days already since i've installed the app and i really want to be able to explore the great functions of this application!"
so so. hard to understand how to do a lot of things, and frustrating at times. customer service though is very good, i just wish i had more time to work with them.
great & uptodate!. this is a great little app to give you access into the back end of your quickbooks online account. great for doing simple invoicing and adding expenses. i still use the desktop browser for more complicated reports and such. well done and intuit keeps the app up to date thank you!
review me nags frosts mediocre program. for all the noise, qbo is poorly written at best and limiting at worst. but it's all you get to choose from so they're evidently hesitant to improve it. wishing for an alternative.
just works. great app. no complaints yet, but my business isn't very big.
. love this app, keeps track of all my expenses and payments from clients. easiest way to do estimates and invoices as well.
. stop asking for feedback every 5mins when i try to get stuff done. what the hell is wrong with you people designing this feedback bullshit system?
. have not upgraded since 2006, this app is great. i am not tied to the office for alot of tasks that used to only be done in the evening.
. a sham of a company, that don't care if your data goes missing, or you have to waste hours of your life rebuilding expenses and mileage data from other sources. the app isn't reliable, doesn't integrate with your other accounting and it's difficult to use. steer clear.
not suitable. i was hoping to be able to manage qb from my ipad as if i had access to my qbo accountant tools. sadly not. back to the laptop to actually get my work done.
excellent application. i like it, amazing app 👍🏼
like the app. just hope it would be easier to use need better access to my custumers invoice and estimates
. sales receipt and invoice not round off available in mobile apps create invoice not show retail invoice and tax invoice in mobile i am a paid version user and i am pc login all options are work properly but mobile apps issue i have made complete 4 tims in call center but agent ask me team work this issue
. country like bahrain and kuwait currency has three decimal. is there any option to set currency in three decimal? we submitted so many requests regarding this issue but no response
. this is not an free app. and they say it's not free after you submit all you information including phone number for verification. if they say its not free before i submit the info, i might think over and probably purchase....
fairly useless. this app is difficult to navigate. it doesn't come close to mimicking qbo for pcs. the functionality is very limited. it's ok for looking up some things but difficult to update info such as logging checks or deposits.
. it works well for me so far. i have a lot more to learn
. how to manage inventory ? i need to know the state of my stock, ie item, quantity, cost etc as the sales goes on how to do that ???
high hopes cause big fails. the app crashes all of the time. no integration with desktop versions but ok. i though i would have something on the go for small invoices. i can't get through the first invoice. all progress gets lost with the crashes. i love how much time i save with the desktop version. there customer service has always been terrible. they can't even have a fully working version for the trial period. fail!
poor need lots of work. this app is terrible on the ios and android. i’m using it on both and it has tooo many bugs...
helpful, but limited.. it is good for a pinch, but it very limited in the interface.
. since your app can't seem to stop asking me to review it. well here you go. 1 star. i pay you a ton of money each year to use your app, which means i'll review it if i want. stop asking me every time i open the dumb thing.
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
. garbage. been with qbo for 4 years. app is impossible to use now more than ever
. very useful. if can get it for eternity at one time payment and not to be paying monthly that would be nice.
poor software and worse support. software has limited features and the support agent gave me 3 different answers to 1 question. what hope does anyone else have with support like that. avoid this product
. this app has been helping me manage my business much better than before
clue live design. i'm a small business owner and pretty new on here too. since i have had quickbook payments i never receive any problem on the product via laptop, phone or ipad. i see the updates been give problem for others but it just work excellent for me.
. superb app
useless!. can't edit products without losing the changes. can't edit purchases. overall, still very buggy and slow. had to buy a windows 10 tablet to get it to work. mobile apps for ios and android sucks big time!
rubbish. app crash every second
. this is a great app thus far!!!!!!!!
no weekend service. pretty good unless you have a problem on weekend or after hours. you wait.
subscription portal broken. infuriating support staff that don't have a clue. actually tried to make me pay a second subscription to access my data.
. baixei o app porém, a propaganda e 13,99 nos primeiros 12 meses, quando vou comprar o valor passa a ser de 48,99, gostaria de saber k por que? propaganda enganosa de valor realmente ou é erro no app?
new update. i love the app and it has been great for us for years. however, the new update does not allow a custom date range for reports and when you edit an invoice it gives you a small screen that not everything fits on. please bring back the custom date range and make is so we can see everything on edits.
“updates”. every time i go to do something the app says it has to log me out to run updates. getting sick of typing my password constantly. (literally 100% of the time i try and use the app.) pretty much just use the website these days.
. it is very easy and business to enter and transfer funds and i think download is the best part of the whole program
. just to clarify, if you are based in the eu and therefore required to comply with gdpr, you need to know that your data is stored in the usa. the software if very good, but this is a huge security issue that they refuse to answer clearly
owner. its great doing my acct on the go, staying current. great mobile app adding more features all the the time!
not working properly after update. i just updated the app and now every time i try to edit an invoice it forces me to refresh the invoice and i lose my changes. the pin number does't work, i added it again and made sure it is turned on, but i have to sign in with my username and password each time. it worked perfectly on the last update.
efficient app. as a bookkeeper i use qbo for all of my clients as well as for my personal account. it just keeps getting better and better. accepting transactions is a breeze as is setting up invoices, paying bills, and writing estimates. one feature my clients find helpful is the receipt attachment. i would highly recommend this app for anyone who uses qbo.
handy phone app. the iphone app has come in very handy for creating quick estimates on the road or adjusting existing quotes in the go
. made my life easier....
worse and worse with every update.. the more recent the update, the worse this app runs. worked great until they changed to a new platform and now it's slower then ever. to logging in or saving pictures out in the field, it takes an additional 20 mins on the job site just waiting for quickbooks.
. not intuitive. bad customer satisfaction services.
quickbooks. this app is excellent and the version on my computer is even better save's me hours when quoting well worth the money.
great app. i'm a technology consultant and really appreciate the flexibility this app affords for invoicing clients and getting paid on the spot.
. limited in what the app can do...
. great app
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time. it works great with my small business to easily access invoices as well as the payment logs.
please fix!!. i have used this app for the last few years for my business and have loved it. this latest update has made the app virtually unusable. it won't let me save an invoice, doesn't show payments made, makes me sign in every time even though i have a pin and the list goes on. very disappointed and hoping this is fixed soon.
"excellent for my small business. works great on my lg g2. record keeping is considerably less time consuming and easier. love the function of taking a picture of recipts and uploading. sending customers professional looking invoices on the spot from my phone and offering the option to ""pay now"" is awesome! good job!"
quite easy to use. great for my phone, just wished when i used it on my ipad or my laptop but it automatically populated or searched for current clients in my contacts.
cannot hours for. it verified my account by text message, and had my phone number on file on my account. won't let me use it because i don't have an account..?
awesome app. i'm in sales and this app is so much easier to use than my computer. it takes me 2 minutes to fill in the info and i'm done and my costumers can be on there way. thanks quick book.
would be better if i could manage payroll on the app. i would love to be able to do up my company’s payroll on the fly if i’m out on a job site or on a business trip. please fix this
service date is still broken. has had this problem for months and a fix has yet to be included in an update. will be not be staying with quickbooks.
so easy!. keeping my books and budget up to date is so simple now. no more hurriedly scratched reminder notes that end up getting lost or having to wait to update my registers. great app!
new update keeps crashing. well ever hour or two it crashes while i am in the middle of looking things up or when i am making an estimate for a customer. and this is with the pastiest update. oh and it keeps telling me there is a new update, but i already have it. fix it, my renewal is coming up and you aren’t the only game in town
easy plain and simple. simple to use but a bit plain on the app web version is great well done this enables business owners who are not accountants to watch and manage there business with ease i now only pay a accountant to check over at the end instead of paying them £250+ per month !
. great app the only thing missing is the ability to enter a mileage report.
fix it!!!!!!!!. when it works i like it, but when it flips out it is so frustrating. every time they update it it takes another couple updates to fix it. leave well enough alone!
. premier retour d'expérience positif après quelques jours d'utilisaton. 4 étoiles car nous cherchons encore quelques outils et la mise en page du devis facture pourrait être amélioré notamment par le rappel de produits déjà rédigés et les principaux outils gras italique taille de police
. if you can go anywhere else please do. i'm not sure how thet can, whether it was one person or a group of people in qb, but they consistently took money from our account. with our attorney we are in the process of getting the issue resolved. do not use qb.
. good app
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
qb online. personal accounting made easier
good, not great.. quickbooks online can do everything i need it to do. but i have trouble getting invoices, quotes and expenses saved to the cloud. it's annoying and aggravating to be waiting for things to upload. if the cloud sync thing worked seamlessly, then it's a 55 for sure.
it begins.... i liked it so much i have it for 2 seperate businesses and just moved my household accounting onto qbo. the accountant can get to everything from his desk, me from my phone. auto download of account data, auto reports are awesome!
. when it works it works great. however i have to periodically delete and reinstall the app because it gets buggy entering new expenses. it will get locked in the expense screen. in the locked screen if i hit save 5 times it will record the transaction 5 times while still sitting in the entry screen.
. great app! still learning, saves so much time.
. love the ability to create invoices immediately after performing service calls and deliveries.
. very disappointed, missing 6 months of transactions from my bank, tried to fix it as i was instructed to but couldn't, you can't get someone to speak to, no customer service. big joke, i don't recommend it to anyone
. excellent i love this app. have used for months on droid razr, not one problem. integrated with my computer, i use this in the field for sprinkler business. 100 percent happy.
"getting there. qb online is a great service, but slightly glitchy. the app however just gives me an error message when i tap ""banking"". that's the most important feature!!!"
. does everything i need and more, really streamlined my admin.....
need an important upgrade. i love the app and all the updates but we really need to information from journal entries to show up in the expenses on the app. it shows up on a computer but the app gives us false information.
occasional early glitches with mobile overall v good. i use the mobile version and it's access to my phone contacts makes it really good. there have been a few minor glitches with support but this is getting better and better  so apart from the few minor glitches early on then it would be getting 5⭐️
very happy with app. the app is very good, and provides a lot of useful information that can be sent anytime, anywhere.
great app. after a little getting used to, this app works well. we're a small construction company that works two to three jobs all over the southeast. we've used quickbooks desktop for years, but as we've grown, jobs have taken my partners and i to different regions at the same time. qb online app allows us to ensure that all bids are taken care of, and allows us to see who's doing what.
. i use this app all the time.
quickbooks. it's a great app.
. is great app. will give it a 5 star if i could do manual ach on my phone istead of my desktop
demoted from 5 stars to 4. using the app on ipad and iphone for more than 5 years. dashboard has been unable to properly show invoice status for at least 3 months now. version 17.9, at least 3 updates ago? no fix yet nor response from intuit after feedback. while i’m not fond of frequent updates, one expects to have these kinds of obvious bugs fixed in the next update.
love it. this app is very helpful for the business side of my lawn care business.
great ap. great switch to online and it works ok but crashes sometimes and is very slow need to make it so it works without internet when there isn’t service and backs it up when back in service. like when you go to a customers place that is where there isn’t service.
. quickbooks is useful for non finance managers like myself. hopefully improvements will continue on some of the less obvious areas
. i have contacted customer service several times for support issues with the appquickbooks online not syncing the transactions automatically. no one seems to have an answer on what's going on. each time i'm advised by a customer service represenative to remove and reconnect the bank account yet in doing so it still doesn't work.
tried them all. i persevered with other systems and intuit quickbooks online has been sensational since i migrated over. excellent adaptability, intergratibility and functional practical to use. very happy! keep up the good updates.
inaccurate balances from the program to my checking account. the app continues to have a different balance from my checking account. i have zeroed out the account several times and restarted but it continues to apply something incorrectly with the downloading of the account transactions.
. switch to xero even though its more expensive. better off wasting money on a useless app. cant even save a transaction. lousy support and engineering team to not resolve such a essential feauture after 1 month. subscribe at your own risk.
so easy to use. i've been using quickbooks for just over a year now and i'm still finding new ways of working, making my life easier! thank you
. great app
fixed bags. quick response in fixing the bags on ios 9. will keep you update....
quickbooks scheduler. we love quickbooks and how well it works in the field. we got the gopayment as well. the only thing i wish quickbooks would add is a scheduler for jobs open, accepted, and estimates pending.
"qbo is getting better. after learning qbo and using it for the past 2 years, i can say it is slowly improving as a software. it infuriated me in the beginning. and it still can be cantankerous at times. it is also not as robust as the desktop qbs. but it has slowly gotten better. now i kind of ""get"" qbo and find it useful. please continue to improve it."
. doesn't let me connect a bank account
. the app sucks really bad, it's full of continuous bugs and it is unstable, every time you try to add attachments to expenses the app freezes does not save and shut down, find another solution because it's sad.
disaster to sign out. i happened to see this app and found it is interesting to scan invoices but turns to be that i have to be a “company” to use it and have to pay so much for it! so expensive!!!!!!
ios 11 glitch. hi. since i upgraded to ios 11 the qb app does not allow me to do split transactions. this is a major glitch for me as most transactions are split. please can you get on to this as soon as possible. as a user of intuit software for nearly 20 years i know you'll fix this. thanks for great software.
. good app
error. can't even log in:(
. very good, i am on trial not sure how much full experience will cost, i'll update when i can
. the app is a wonderful accompaniment to the software which makes tracking expenses and invoices really easy
app ruined. come on!!!!! the app is totally unusable now. can't save invoices, can't email them to the right person and can't create them with the correct info. this is the type of screw up that someone should be fired over.
. seriously guys, this app is constantly updated, but still moves at a glacial pace and consistently crashes. get your business in order so we can keep ours in order!
brilliant on note 4.. just updating my review... still awesome. ;) widget is particularly time saving. widget image needs to be higher resolution so it's a little clearer on my big screen though.
superb app. i'm an electrician and run my entire business on this app it's makes my life so easy :)
qbo. quick books online is a great app. the ability to have access to business data at all times is not only critical but essential for any business.
. this app isn't ready for primetime. used to work better. the reconciliation doesn't work if you need to hit the back button on any transaction no matter how many you approve before it. completely frustrating and gets worse with time.
. connect to banking and reconcile in minutes. email invoices...so no snail mail.
ok but. reasonably happy with it but so many of my customers are also suppliers so i really would like an entity database where an entity could be both a customer and a supplier rather than having separate customer and supplier databases which necessitates the creation and therefore data entry for the same entity twice.
messed it up with update. i don't like that invoices send through intuit, nor that the app no longer integrates with gmail for emailing clients. please get rid of the pretty colors and fix the functionality. this update really makes the app much harder to use.
can't login. can't reset password
the best invention since the wheel. i am extremely happy with quickbooks. i’ve owned restaurants for over 20 years, and i started using quickbooks about three years ago. what a nightmare it used to be doing paperwork. i could not live without quickbooks now to provide for me and my family and employees. the best investment i ever made.
. don't fill up your information for free trial it's easy to set up for free trial. they doesn't have options in app for unsubscribe your free trial. you have to reach them every day for unsubscribe your free trial. if you not satisfied from app then start call them before 5days, they will not answer your call till your free trial not get expired. be careful before you sign up.
. like the app just struggling to get the logo in the est and inv struggle on the mobile
not many useful features...yet(?). no access to trial balance or p&l reporting. no access to cash balances. no report writing or report generating capabilities. i guess it's free, but i hope there is a robust pipeline of upcoming features.
best addition for any business on the go!. the free trial was amazing. my favorite part is having the ability to send invoices. while setting up my merchant services, customer support was kind and easy to work with. now it's easier to bill my clients from my phone. i track everything. get the quickbooks app. you won't regret it!
"review. i have been using quickbooks since the start of my business, and have found it to be extremely useful!! i don't have one bad thing to say about quickbooks, other then for some reason, which no reason was given to me, i'm not able to set up the ""accept payment"" option it offers. if i could activate that feature i would give quickbooks 5 stars. until then they have a 4 star review from aj's tree service!!"
non functional. could not edit invoices, tried to edit terms would not allow very frustrating
on track. keeping track of daily expenditure, and the performance of my business is so much easier with this app.
. ok that yiu charge a monthly fee but not ok to charge more than $2 for every payment deposit. will not be using this app for payment anymore. ridiculous!
crash. your latest update is crashing. it doesn't let me open the app. please fix immediately
app keeps crashing. keeps saying the session is over when i sign in and logs me out
better than tinder. good app.
"customer service is outstanding.. i'm a contractor, not a ""business man"" by any stretch. but, the qb staff have helped me many times to navigate and learn. kudos!"
fantastic. fantastic. i'm am obsessed with this app. a must for everyone!
blair. app is extremely unstable. every time i need to get on it i have to force quit the app and re loggin. i have an iphone x and it runs horrible on here. hoping they fix this asap because i run my entire service company from the app
knoxville premier painting. iit is a great app
. after uninstal , this program still take 6.99£
. the app does not work on any android tablet. works on my android phone but, not on any of my four tablets. will be cancelling our subscription if not fixed soon.
. does not allow me to access payrollemployees data !
"a great tool for accountants. this online version for my phone & ipad has come in so handy to check client info on the go...as well as categorize waiting transactions while i am out and about. i still use the qbo version on my laptop for ""major"" work. but being able to see things while i am out of the office is super helpful!!"
love this app. i enjoy all the features it provides and the simplicity of using it.
. nice...love this app a million times. please download.. very useful and helpful
not useful at all. this was a waste of time. i need to be able to reconcile and do more than look at my recent transactions. quick books is useless unless you're on a computer.
great app. love it real simple to use!!!
best invoice app available. so far the best, has everything you need and more, it's like everything you pay for what you get.
. this is a very good way to keep track of it expenses and orders... i don't even know if another choice in this space!
works well so far. i installed the app this month. so far it allows me the flexibility to record transactions on the go. this is a big help.
should be able to snap a pic of a receipt and sort later.. i need to be able to take a picture of my receipts and then when i do the books sort them out and match them to purchases.
. easy and quick to use for estimates, invoices , receipts and keep track of expenses and income
crashes when trying take credit cards. crashing when trying to take credit card payments. not very helpful.
. i can't remember the last time i was this frustrated with an app andor company. more often than not, the app andor the website do not work. they sure don't have any issues with their autorenew and collecting money from users. they just can't figure out how to provide a product that works and customer service that can, or even wants to, help. think long and hard before choosing quickbooks for your business. i wish i had.
great!!!. i love this app i love qbo what else is there to say. recent update created tons of issues with ios 9.3.3 some glitches evolved not sure who's fault but hope they get fixed. i appear to get error messages entering my expenses :(. can't save invoice created either please fix. otherwise when the app works it's great one star is its current state.
"worse accounting program. you have to go through multiple screens for a simple tasks. there is functionality in the app that's not available in the desktop which is unusual for an accounting program. automation and ""how to"" help menus are nearly nonexistent."
very handy accounting app. this app is very useful to always have a snapshot of your business at your fingertips.
gary stanton. this app means i can seem to know what i am doing, it actually works for me.
. the best biz app...
. i like this app so easy to use i recommend
. great app, easy to use....
. beware anyone cis don't use this use xero being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. i'm stuck till end of tax year then i'm off
unusable.. i'm required by my work to use this appwebsite, and it is completely unusable. after confirming my account via email and twice by text message i get an error message when i try to login. the website also does not function no matter what browser i use on my phone. what a joke.
love it. works hand in hand with my computer program
easy to use. love the online version. very easy to use. i love that i have all of my business information at my fingertips!!
very useful!. this app allows me to send clients a sales receipt as soon as they hand me the cash, invaluable when visiting clients.
i also should have read the reviews. i only use my quickbooks to track expenses and deposits due to the nature of my business. i have been trying to use the mobile version of this program now, after being on the pc version for over 10 years, and still cannot find a way to log my deposits. i can accept payments for invoices, which i do not use for the majority of my business but cannot enter a straight deposit.
. very good app
great app. the app takes a bit to get used to but once you've played with it a bit it's very simple to navigate, update bank transactions and so on
. seems a little pointless if the vendor activity doesn't sync.
new user; i love it. i am amazed at what all i can accomplish with my iphone while traveling. best app on my phone.
fantastic. we are a small chauffer business, since using quickbooks online we gave cut the acoustic administration down by 60%. and it can be used in the vehicle via the app. and best of all, it works.
. great app
quickly. quickbooks online is ready to use. i write invoices and email the customer a copy immediately. thanks quickbooks for being so easy to use.
"confusing and cluttered app. i love that nearly all of the features in the desktop app are here in the mobile app. however the interface, especially the home page, is confusing and cluttered. ""company activity"" is a bit useless as the default page. show me the charts of paidunpaid invoices. i think the developers are tasked with including every single feature and that clouds their design judgement. it's not an easy ask but let's make this app more mobile friendly."
very convenient!. this app has saved me on so many occasions. being able sending invoices and estimates onthego is awesome.
great app. i am enjoying staying on top of things while on the go.
jordan hugo ,. i'm young and in business , only small but this app is perfect for tracking my expenses and sending quotes off. highly recommend.
a good portable quickbooks app. the app has most of the important features, is easy to use, and is certainly a better option than trying to use the quickbooks online on an iphone. it is not a complete substitute as there are several features not available on the app,but it does allow recording time and expenses while on the road and even allows checking on and updating bank balances.
. easy to use app!
no inventory tracking, no reminder. very disappointed with this no inventory tracking, no reminder for the app no not also for me its pointless quickbooks you better fix it i am cancelling my subscription
like the app. just hope it would be easier to use need better access to my custumers invoice and estimates
new update is awful. the newest update is so awful! i can't post things on my invoices, i can't email invoices, nothing! it acts like it is doing it, but then it freezes and tells you to refresh before making changes. i refresh, make the change again, and it gives me the same message again. awful update!
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use. sample and easy to use
. great app friendly to use can create receipts on the spot. i am a mobile repair service and i run all my sales thru this app.
great app. this app helps tremendously! great work and thank you for making book keeping so simple.
great stuff.. i like this app. (my extensive review).
quick books. this is very easy to use and it's great. with my iphone, ipad and mac, it updates any changes made and works great. thanks it is made invoicing easy
doesn't work for ipad. this app doesn't even load my company info. it keeps returning error trying to load company info. i have contacted quickbooks a number of times and all they say is they are working on the issue and to use a web browser version in the mean time. i have seen about 4 updates released and not one of them has fixed this issue. when will this be fixed?
. app has no functionality. stick with online version.
user friendly!. makes my life so much easier. i'm able to create and send off the things i need while with a client in the field.
less than useless. this app does not interface enough of the information from the desktop version. reports are raw numbers and can’t pull up any supporting information. p&l is worthless. the desktop version seems to miss the point of accounting software. ie making all your information easy to input then easy to analyze in reports. this does neither. qbpro etc was far easier to navigate without the slick graphics and colors. aaaaaargh!
great app. the app is great, love what quickbooks has done. but please update the widget, it's worse than terrible
awesome. this app is so good i'm so glad i have it i would be lost with out it
. it doesn't have a feature that allows to also monitor the business on the pc, i mean webversion linked to the app.
great app !. great app
. ease of use. it's very helpful to invoice and receive payments using my phone while still with a client
small business owner. it's fantastic and professional for service contracting for management, but the fact that the crew in the field still use paper carbons to submit & clients want paper makes this a major problem. if the client doesn't give an email, or the field crew doesn't get the right info, i end up spending extra hours trying to figure it out...
appréciation. vraiment bien pensée, facile d'utilisation et efficace ! thoughtful application, easy to use and useful !
latest update crashing on iphone 7. great improvements in the app. extra features are a great bonus. well done. on iphone 7 the app crashes when upon opening banking is selected. i've reproduced 5 times.
easy for new users. i have a virtual operations management consulting company & use qb for invoicing accounting. i find it simple to create, send & receive payment from my clients & recommend them to use it as well.
. quick books is a good app to manage your business.
crashes. keeps crashing. can't use app at all.
. being mainly a cis contractor it won't let me make invoices in app so have to use browser which doesn't work so have to wait till i get home to invoice from laptop. any chance of this being resolved. please note i have tried multiple phones and it is near impossible on mobile browser. trying to keep keyboard up is a nightmare.
doesn’t always work. says it can’t show details on invoices. annoying.
can't log i. i haven't been able to log in the past 4 updates _ this was the easiest way for me to mark payment as it was received given the mobility.
for last month since major online update its is useless. when i login it tells me i don’t have a subscription. i call support they tell me to uninstall the app and reinstall. after reinstall the login works but you cannot switch between your companies. i called them back. they said no one else is reporting this. three users in my offivr are having the same problem. i love the iphone app for entering receipts on the go but i can’t even do that now.
prestige fleet maintenance. would love to be able to have card transactions go through quicker. takes 34 days then additional 12 days to be deposited in my account about a week waiting on money is hard for a start up business. would love next day deposits! other than that i like the system!
. it is a huge mental relief to have this app acting as a virtual accountant for me and i am not drowning in papers. much love!
. great app, really so much better than anything else, there are a few things i would like to improve my experience... hard to explain... but i'll try... when i assign expenses on my phone, i have to go on to a desktop to tick billable.... does that make sense?
. very difficult to cancel free membership on samsung s8. contacelted customer service and they emailed me a dated version of how to cancel! so still struggling as they cant cancel it from their end! 😡😡😡
finest accounting software. we are using since last two years and still satisfied.
bad servise. have quikbook for 6 month and crash and phone them 10 times my account is on debit order also 5 days later they tell me there nothing they can do for my acount crash i must start over i wont recomended this app
app crashes. ever since update cannot open app. need to fix immediately.
has its benefits.. very nice to write an invoice on the go. but need more invoice templates for the app version. online you can switch templates, need to be the same in the app. effective once you learn the app. not perfect by any means.
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
. this is not for bookkeepers i uninstall this app
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
doesn’t work with ios13. pls fix
participated promoted priceless!. it enhances your ability to multitask better than others. sleek app for all business owner's success!
problem after problem lately. first my bank feeds got messed up after the feed had to be updated recently. this wasted a lot of time. now, the app is telling me my account is restricted because they didn’t receive a payment  but i have an email from quickbooks billing confirming that they received a payment. this is not great for a company that is looking after my business.
charge for an expense???. can't even include an expense on an invoice. rubbish !!!!
amazing. amazing app i use it for my online business
. there is a lack of flexibility. it seems like the app was modeled with a streamlined appraoch to limited process. maybe over a few business' but i am used to more flexibility that you would expect in an app like quickbooks but isn't.
won’t interface to bank any more. after several months since my bank kicked qb out of accessing my bank account for reconciling, the problem still remains. accessing my bank account and reconciling all transactions over my iphone was my number one reason to use qb. still disappointed. i have to pay a bookkeeper to do my books with qb now. why can xero have bank access but qb can’t sort itself out after several months !
life saver. apart from the fact i have to input my password every time, this app is a great compliment to the version i use on my laptop. so easy to use, can invoice on the spot. very happy.
quick and easy to use. so much quicker and easier to use then getting on the computer!
amazing app. i love this app makes everything easier for me and faster. this app is amazing i just love it!
. takes a while to get used to it. handy app
. unable to see inventory creation in mobile app gear symbol is not there in downliaded app
. login with google sign on sends me out to my browser then asks for password creation. continuous loop back to app then back to browser. have not been able to log in once. followed directions online for help still unable to sign in. no other app does this. guess im stuck using my desktop for quickbooks. may have to look into an alternative.
it's a good app. it would be even better if it would have the tax info. in the drop down menu, that way i could pay my taxes from my mobile device 😕
worst app. if it doesn't work on android then why do you keep it in play store?
very limited. don't expect to come close to the alreadylimited function set of the desktopbrowser version. a real disappointment.
it takes some getting used to. you need to link your accounts. once you have done that, you have to remember all your accounting practices. posting entries is simple once you have done the required steps. few more weeks and i will be caught up for the year. i like it!!
. i have been using this app for 6 months. $40 subscription doesn't get me receipt capture, but the $10 subscription gets it... cannot get it to save information once i enter it, tells me to call a support line that seemingly cannot help me.
don't believe the hype. this app is practically worthless. all important actions require you to be on the website. i need to be able to invoice, payroll, and do taxes from the app as i am hardly with my computer.
easy to use. easy to use and uploading image of receipts is very useful.
awesome for my business. can’t do business without quickbook. really efficient when it’s time to prepare taxe income report.
"latest upgrade is a disgrace. i have never written a negative review of an upgrade, but the latest version of this app made a great app totally useless. you can no longer receive invoices or reconcile bank balances. do yourself a favor and delete the quickbooks app rather than ""upgrade."" the mobile website is more useful than the app."
great program. i find myself keeping better records. very user friendly. great program
. worthless, the accounting app never worked. it kept kicking me out.
. its a big help sending invoices
lame and useless. don’t waste your time punching in a bunch of data only to have limited access to reports and editing. total bs.
phoned in. this could be such a cool extension, but like a lot of qb online, it feels a bit phoned in.  expenses show without account coding  what's the point?  report viewing is limited  dashboard is not customizable
great app. i love using this as i am away from the office it's so easy to use via phone or tablet
ruined. worked great until the latest update. now includes all inactive customers so it makes it impossible to find an active customer.
. quick and easy to use. clients have been very receptive to there invoices or estimates. definitely have recommended this to other small business owners.
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
big learning curve to start, but very powerful. it was hard work to start with (owing to my limited knowledge), but good online tutorials and support helped a lot  very happy with the package now after a few months of getting my head around it!
awesome i just need to learn to use it. its awesome i love it but im new to it so i have a little bit of trouble using some of the features but im sure i will get the hang of it with time n experience
"quick books is the bombdiggity!! ya heard!. as a small business owner it saves me time, click, picture of the receipt, click and the expense is logged in real live time. no more saving piles and piles of receipts. it also pin point tracks your expenditures. it's the ""bombdiggity""!"
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
owner. great app
fantastic product overall. the mobile app gets about 3 stars but desktop version is 2nd to none. overall love quickbooks and it has helped my business. although mobile app not as good, it's nice to have on the go when i need info on prior jobs out in the field. what i don't like about mobile app is that it won't automatically put next invoice number like the desktop version, that would be a nice fix!
unable to download. i am trying to download the app but could not
don’t update. ever since last update it crashes when i try to run a credit card. was talking with customer support for an hour and all she could say is i understand. when i asked to speak to a manager the line was disconnected
. best app for tracking my personal expenses easily.
. love this app. hardly have to get on my computer
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
bo. very happy with qbo
good......but. would be perfect if you could set up recurring expenses automatically instead of having to enter the same thing month after month.
so much better. intuit have certainly listened to there customers and have massively improved the app with some recent updates. so much better and easier to use than before. well done intuit finally glad a huge company has finally listened to its customers
useless. the app keeps crashing, if you’re in the middle of typing a long estimate or creating an invoice, it crashes and your file is gone, you have to keep saving your project, otherwise when it crashes, your project is gone. very disappointed, going to a different app or software at the beginning of the year, three years with this crap, paying high monthly rates, and for nothing.
pretty bad. they will lie about the processing time for electronic payments. also, the customer services is the worst you will get. after waiting 30 minutes on the phone, you will get a representative with english as a 5th language. good luck.
. easy to use, helpful support team
biggest disappointment. the biggest disappointment is no ability to do purchase orders. when i’m out in the field this is a huge disadvantage and i still have to break out the laptop!
. excellent accunting app, gives you your business position throughout the day.
"locks, freezes, and won't sync. updated last week and haven't been able to use it since. i've reinstalled, cleared cache, resynced data... nothing. qb customer service ""can't see any issues with my login"" so who knows ? ive been reduced to entering all my invoices from my computer at home (defeats the purpose of the app doesn't it?). until they fix this update, don't download it."
the best for small biz. to be able to login and get to your quickbooks anywhere is awesome! if you love the ability to work at different locations using dropbox because your files are where you need them, this is the same level of mobile convenience because your data is always where you need it!
. used this software for a year in vain, they don't have invoice customization option, they are not supportive, we had to used excel for few clients and quickbook for few and this makes this software redundant
"about 710. not bad but not good. the app keeps requiring updates if used on apple products. not an issue but the updates never appear. quickbooks blames apple and apple blame quickbooks. we ""updated to the cloud version"" from a pcm based quickbooks. so far we are very very disappointed."
. finally, this app is getting better! i have just quickly looked at it but the difference is very noticeable. goid things come to those that wait.
easy to use and great features. i moved to quickbooks after trying xero, and find it at least as good for my needs and much better value. good foreign currency support, which is important for me.
great app.. intuit and odyssey have been very helpful with the company integration into quickbooks online from qb 2013.
. great extension to the desktop version. this app is most helpful on an onthego situation. reduced bookkeeping cost.
. parfait pour la compta et la gestion de la facturation. simple, intuitif et pas cher.
cannot edit suppliers at all with the ipad app. i think the title says it all. i started an invoice from a supplier, however i cannot continue it on the ipad. it is just impossible! it just cannot be done. so it is for that reason only i am giving it one star. on the computer it is great, the ipad app is useless.
crash instantly on iphone 5. this app crashes instantly and doesn't operate on my iphone 5 running the latest iphone software. i tried removing and reinstalling but it still doesn't work. why don't you guys fix this?
pres. good product except for email. if you email invoice and customer does not receive because of their sever being down, you never get notified. this can be a real problem because you do not find out until the customer is past due on the invoice..
useless  data download errors. the app worked great for the past couple years and now all the sudden it keeps crashing when trying to download my data. i own a mobile business and now i'm having to preplan and print invoices before i show up because the app is useless.
too many clicks for attachments. i keep track of all transactions by taking pictures of the receipt, checks, deposit receipts, and just about everything then attach them to the transaction. with the user interface rule of thumb of three clicks access to specific functions, attachments can take as many as five to six clicks to save a picture, which is very annoying and time consuming.
excellent app. keeps all my invoices, estimates, espenses in order and easy to use
. sucks. cant login. all intuit apps are broken. support takes weeks to respond. i going to cancel my monthly service and go with a different accounting software. longtime customer but no longer.
. pretty good app. lots of features like asset register need to be accessed through desktop. ocr not available for receipts on this version
. great app!!
amazing. great app. changed my life and vastly helped with my business. very smart and useful program. highly recommend!
making my job easier. more than i expected and easy to use
just crashes. has never worked period. galaxy note 4
could be better. still no auto save. it’s 2018 folks, time to wake up. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
. the best part for me is the ability to create and email an invoice then recieve payment all from my smartphone.
great app. thanks
. fantastic app! amazing ability to invoice on the go.
president. poor poor format after there upgrade...
latest update crashing on iphone 7. app crashes 2sec after being turned on on iphone7. restarted phone, no luck
no pdf attachment. 3 stars as the app only able to upload photo of the invoice, not other format. you need to understand that pdf is much small in size and more practical for mobile upload. as for photo, it is at least 3m nowadays and it took almost 1 min or 2 to finish the upload.please look into it in next upgrade
". was ok before, functioned similar to the web. now any functionality it has for creating and sending invoices ""requires web to use that service"" i will be uninstalling until this app can function similar to its web counterpart."
cornered into online version. not an easy transition from desktop for contractor version. poor interface for entering time to bill for. hard to tell what time and materials i have not billed for. mobile interface is fairly limited.
great app!. i love the flexibility of having my company info at all times.
app glitch. other than the recent app glitch all is good.
please add signatures options estimates!!!. i love this app but it could offer customer signatures agreeing to terms on invoiceestimates features. for example if i send an estimate via email, customers can reply back with a signed estimate allowing me on the other end to place order since i now have their consent. it will save me a trip on having drive out to their location for a signature. please add this feature!!! pretty pleaseeeee.
not a good app. too many bugs.
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
awesome product for small business!!. unbelievably convenient! from my imac, to my tablet, to my phone i can access, enter payment, send an estimate, or invoice, etc and it’s all connected because i have online quickbooks. hint: go they intuit directly! itunes was charging me an extra $5 a month. $19.99 a month they intuit and worth every penny!! biggest time saver + unsurpassed professionalism to my customers and speed of connectivity!!
. this app is one of the most important tools for my business.
. i haven't explored all the features, but this app is great for on the fly billing!
great app. haven't had any issues. has helped me run my business from the road!
just no. the app isnt compatible with the galaxy s7 which is really inconvenient. 👎👎👎.
. awesome app
. typical of qbo: half baked with features always being removed so they can charge you more money for them in another tier.. leaving mostly buggy features you wont use! can't even enter time tracking?! uninstalling!!!
mr smith. electrical contractor. early days yet but feels great especially linking bank to invoices and been able to see exactly what is going on in my business. so far a big thumbs up .
data sync is not working. managed to get it to work. the sync only work after you pay the subscription. doesn't work during trial period. (there is an error syncing data. error code 132. 100. unable to work with it.) another problem with this mobile app is that it is unable to change the status of the estimates.
great app. easy to use
so easy to use!. this app is easy to use! i like it more than the desktop version!
crashes constantly every time i try to use it!. crashes multiple times every time that i try to use the app! on line works fine. the app keeps freezing saying saying critical updates needed! but i already updated app and deleted the app and reinstalled it. i tried everything i could do. so frustrating! older versions worked well. this is on an iphone xmax. newest phone .., latest version ... not working!!
why get rid of banking section?. latest version update got rid of the banking section. now, i can't acceptexclude transactions, making the application almost totally and completely useless! too bad you can't give zero stars...
. keeps asking me to install new version, have un installed and re installed but keeps sending me back to here to install so cant open my app! not what's needed when running a business.
. lot of functionality easier than web or desktop app.
super simple. i love this app! so easy to take pictures and attach receipts to my transactions, send invoices, take payments, sign docs... very easy and simple...love it!
needs to fix bugs. i love quickbooks online and the desktop version but their mobile app needs to fix their bugs. i told quickbooks support two months ago that i couldn't email an invoice from the app and they couldn't help me fix the problem then. i still cannot send invoices from my mobile app so it is basically useless to me.
best in the market. it's so amazing how easy qb built this system even for someone with no experience in business management. it's worth give it a try once you do you will love it. i guarantee it!
. more nicer with the update but i still can't give my customers discounts, i wish it would let me make a negative quantity or rate while making and invoice.
. makes my life so much easier.
. cool great app
. i have been missing out, i wish i would have used this a long time ago. makes doing business anywhere much easier.
amazing. i haven't seen smart accounting software like this 👍🏼
very helpful. wonderful app for on the go needs.
. great app .... just makes life easy!!!
owner. great app
crash crash crash. it used to work but now it crashes right when i try to open it.
app
backward compatibility entrapment. i thought i’d try the trial online plus version after being happy with essentials. was not advised during the offer that going back meant having to reenter much of my historical data manually. now i pay for features i do not use or like. their help desk just kinda said...’oh well’. they didn’t even offer to extend the trial offer incentive that had me curious about the product. intuit calls it ‘stickiness’. i call it entrapment.
. changed phone (same number) and have been unable to log into the app since 👎
. after create id , app can't proceed for making company. when you touch curcel reload page automatically. how can proceed to next step? so i not suggest this app.
cost. does this app cost anything, i am a small business, i haven’t made a profit yet, and don’t have much money, any help?
cant connect !!!. cannot use my account , fix it please !
it’s ok, but.... it not very useful as field service software. it’s painfully sloooow to use. even on the pc it’s the same. the software crashes when i need to use it or it’s syncing.
. one of the best accounting app anyone can think of
awesome app, love quickbooks. use it often to add expenses and check bank data. nice feature of receipt photo, works great
compatibility issue?. no problem installing it on my phone but will not install in my tablet, says it's not comoatible (both v6.0.1 marshmallow). what seems to be the problem? huge disappointment from such a well known company!
. love it very helpful and easy to use looks very professional for estimates and invoices
. with the new update my other user can't track miles when i rely on him to do it, completely useless update that changed the user settings.
best way to keep track of your expenses. i love this it works very well a little hard to learn but very simple to use what you learn how to do it i use it to track all my business expenses and it works perfectly i love the touch id lot it keeps everything very secure you cannot go wrong with this i absolutely recommend it for small business owners and businesses in general
do not update. i updated 5 minutes ago and already very glitchy with problems!
. clean and intuitive great app for in the field estimates, this is probably my favorite feature. payment entries for cash payments is handy onsite as well.
. great app. makes paperwork a lot easier.
. help. i am trying to log in for a while but it keeps saying that there are technical issues and i need to try again later. i have been trying to get in for taxes and can't.
actually makes accounting a little bit fun. i absolutely love the way this app allows me to record, photograph and categorise expenses from receipts. so easy that it actually is fun. delighted that i can get rid of all this paper!
user friendly but i will have to start from scratch. there is no way i can pull my two years history from my online account. the customers and vendors are not available either. not useful without importing all that data.
it just works. see above. in the office, on the site. wherever. i have used a broad range of applications over the last 20 years in business and quickbooks is the simplest, functional piece of software for our consultancy business i have found. happy to recommend it to other small business owners who want to spend time in their profession and and not on the books.
. i love the way it keeps me up to date. this has really helped to keep me organized and i really like how easy it is to send invoices, accept payments and track their interactions with your company.
have been waiting to get this app. awesome!. great app! easy to use. wish i can take payments from this app.
new update changed invoices. the app shuts down every time i get a signature!!
brilliant and far reaching app. started using this app following another app which was not giving me the usability that i needed. this app is amazing in its flexibility and ease of use. get it and you won’t regret it.
roofing company. the app is great, although it needs an update with bugs fixed. the app won't allow me to modify, save or send invoices. very frustrating.
love it. ian finally able to track my expenditures and income totally on the go. no more playing catch up! love that i have receipt images and that i can make notes that will refresh my memory on the exact thing i bought. just getting to putting my logo on invoices... i know that there is a lot mor that i can do with this program i am very much a beginner love what it does so far!!!!
unable to sync. all i get is errors about syncing. different phones. same problem. works great in my ipad, though!
best accounting app. perfect for any small business. never had any problem, never crashes. only need more invoicing templates.
. keeping on track with my biz for the first time ever really! i wish there was the ability to add a pic for expenses in the memo part on the mobile app tho. edit, figured it out, dope~!
. makes my job so much easier
. easy way to reach my client balances and send proposals and invoices and collect payment.
app crashes. this app crashes or cannot save my data on every entry i make. horrible app!!
. quickbooks online has been great, downloaded this app to make life quicker when not in the office. however, for expenses i have found it unusable as the same payment methods i am using online are not available on the app and therefore it messes up the consistency of my transactions. very disappointed as had high hopes, have yet to test the differences whilst invoicing.
qb app. not useful as it could be as you can't enter a bill! not being able to enter a bill makes it useless to work from an ipad or tablet device.
. perfect, paperless invoices and perfect for on the go businesses.
. i have been a quick book user for many years. great business tool. i use it for my construction estimates and invoicing.
good but app missing functionality. the app does not compare to the desktop version. the app does not show menu item for employees. i am using android and have reinstalled as advised by qb support but it makes no difference.
. solid a love the mobility and ease of use for my small business. just wish i could void or cancel invoices and estimates on the app.
app barely compatible with computer. the the features on the app and computer barely cross over and i can never find customers on the app that i have on my computer so i have to jump back and forth to make things work.
. since they changed the app its not working properly nothing appears on the dashboard and can't produce invoices
excellent!!. i find the app useful when i need it most. i enjoy the ability to add an expense at any time. sales receipts are handy. basically everything i really need without requiring a ton of space on my phone.
really great :). really great software package. requires some dedicated learning for someone with no accounting  bookkeeping background  but functionality and power of the software are fantastic. very happy with quickbooks. thanks :)
. i like the apps easy access but it truly suck because nothing is accessable properly. writing an estimate or invoice on this app is not possible. not properly anyway. its really not pleasant either going online via cellphone because it zooms in and out improperly. its very frustrating. as for quickbooks via laptop i love it. quickbooks has truly made my life much easier and way more organized. but the app needs to be fixed and also online via cellphone bugs.
great app. 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻😊😊
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
. overall is a very good app. the only issue that i have right now is that i can't print wallet checks on the online version.
pdf note on ipad. why can't we add a pdf note on ipad app. i can do it by accessing desktop version on ipad. but it's a pain doing it that way. it would be simpler to add that option to the app. come on guys keep up with the technology. quit lagging behind.
great. works great, love the app
. quickbooks provides all we needs as a small business. their support is always patient and helpful.
. if you have to write off expenses for your business like meals, travel ect.....get this app now!!!! very simple and user friendly.
. very, very slow and to much freezing between transactions. i can't work properly. you need to speed up!
. amazing. processing time for invoices is very fast
good for small business. i have a hvac & plumbing company and this helps keep everything in order. just wish there was a way to offer options on the estimates to my customers so they could pick which things they want to have done.
. unable to log on anymore from one device, support seems unable to help me. also very disappointed i can't make an invoice in a no service area and have it sync up later. called and emailed support twice now and no updates or response in over a week.
worthless on ios13. out of all the apps i have, this is the only one that wasn’t ready for ios13. it was worthless during the entire public beta process & i was hoping with the actual ios 13 release, it would be updated. not the case, still worthless. doesn’t work on my iphone or ipad. it was the convenience of having quickbooks on the go that sold me in the first place. not the case anymore.
printing receipts. how come you cannot print receipts on the app after you have put a payment through
just ok. the mobile version is fine. it the desktop version is full of bugs and slow. wastes a lot of my valuable billing time.
broken. for the last two weeks every time i log in it tells me i have no online company.
. luv how easy and convenient thus app is!
needs work. i love the functionality of it but i wish it would integrate paypal for the option on invoicing. my customers all use paypal & im double sending because there is not a paypal button on this invoice program!
great potential but.... the app has a great potential to replace the web version. however i do not understand why most of the features aren't in the app. i can't attach a pdf file to an invoice!! why? .. or i cant send an statement with the app.. why not ? .. why cant add company seal and stamp on the invoices ? ipad is a very capable device.. the app should bring all the features of the online version.
. quite limited functions got a few errors, will be nice to get most of desktop functions on phone.
excellent online software. i love this system made my job a lot easier my phone is my office
. app is great, i use it all the time.
". would give 5 stars if i could put a message on an invoice or estimate; like ""work location"""
. the app is unusable and highly inferior to the web interface. when you create an invoice, it always defaults to retail invoice without the facility to change to tax invoice, so i'm forced to use the web interface for invoicing. suppliers activity always shows a blank page so again need web interface to view suppliers balance, expenses etc. can't you people make a decent app ?
great app a must for business. i have waited to switch to qb online as i had read a lot of negative feedback but this is a great app for keeping in touch with the finances of you business and easy for those not trained as an accountant
online quick books rocks!. they do a great job with this application. amazing how you can create invoices on the road and take deposits from your phone!
bs. imported a csv for earlier history than the standard import, as the instructions said to, only to find nothing in the record anywhere, again. yes, i spent a few hours, imported lots of transactions, got nothing, twice. screw these people.
great but could use a little more. overall pretty great. clean easy to do basic tasks, would love access to a few more advanced features...but overall it's a great app. the app is stable, love the fingerpint login (even though it's still a little buggy at time of writing the review), it's clean & easy to read, good navigation. overall i'm very happy with it!
weak iphone app, no customer service. really weak app, no customer service. after trying to contact qb customer service, i got no response from anybody at qb. after paying big monthly fees $ i'm switching back to invoice2go, where i got great customer service and my feedbacks were used in improvements.
efficient. this app makes my life easier. has all the features i need to keep my business running smoothly.
sales tax. cannot use the app on my phone because it does not calculate sales tax correctly. spoke with customer service. they know the issue and do not seem to think it’s important to fix it. makes the app almost useless to me
still can’t attach a receipt. even after the most recent update, i still can’t attach a photo of a receipt. i can select the photo from my library, but the save button has been missing since the last ios update.
no american express support. we use american express for expenses and we cannot manage these transactions within the app. not even see them. the app tells me to view quickbooks online in a web browser to manage amex transactions. this makes this app very useless.
great app. great app for someone on the go. chris
not working after ios13 update. updated to apples latest software and this app stopped working
great app. so easy to use.
customer search bar is gone. i can’t search for clients when i’m in the app. now i have to search and click in the left letters to get close to their name. i’m not able to search by phone number either. i’m very disappointed they made this change
great app. been using for over a year now for keeping track of time for my construction business. works great
happy and safe. at last. an easy to use app that work well for fast quoting and invoicing while on the go. my b2b clients are very impressed on how fast my quotesinvoices come in. it's a great selling point to my business.
"too many free apps for me to pay for this service!!. if they are a ""top developer"" then make a free version with limited functionality for basic users like myself and a full subscription app for small business owners like your competitors do."
handy and convenient.. i love this app. it is easy to use and always have it all at office when you go to do bookkeeping there. reports may be something to add so i could we what customer owe me. thx
. i really like it for the most part.. would love to see the invoice number self populate when going to send out the email
. would love to know how this app works but as soon as i open it... it crashes. if you guys fix it ill adjust my review. but until then. you suck. all fixed. awesome work!!!!!
love it. great app
. great business program
phone app fail. what ever opinion you have of qbo ... the phone app fails. it will not let you see the estimates and invoices for a customer. they exist, in your system but they do not show up in the app. everything else.... any other feature discussion... it's all irrelevant. if you can't view basic customer info, the app fails.
love the app. honestly this is the best app around, does it all with ease. i run my whole business through this app off my phone and tablet. never once had a problem.
. works great!! great app and this helps you lesson the paper work when you get back to the office!
good app. goop app
"app doesn't work. after speaking with the help desk the advise i got was ""the app must not compatible with your phone (iphone 6 plus)"". i leave this review as i only signed up with quickbooks to manage my businesses accounts ""on the go"" and it's been a waste of money for this purpose"
expiring sessions suck. it's a great app and i'm using it all the time but the expiring sessions are infuriating. if you let us use touch id or a pin, don't make our session expire and force us to use our password! it completely defeats the purpose of pintouch id. it doesn't increase security, it's just super annoying. no other app that utilizes touch id does that  not even my banking apps.
. login issue verification code sending is very slow and sometimes not.
senior pastor. excellent app
. app doesn't work. it loads then an error message pops up. i've emailed a couple of times but no response. very poor customer service.
where the banking. i want to accept transactions while i sit in bed, this app is far from useful without that capability, come on intuit, make the app complete. as is, a total let down!
. great app
. haven't been able to access my books since early september, can only use desktop app, browser and mobile app gives error message. contacted support 4+, engineers are working on known problem...10 weeks and counting
unable to process simple request. crashing and getting an error saying data unavailable. can’t even save one expense
great app. fantastic app
. app worked good for the first couple of months but now hasn't work for a few days straight on my samsung phone. emailed the report to them but have received no reply.
owner. there are a few problems that i find and maybe it me. the more i use it the more i like it
. great experience
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
. simple to use and good value. love the app!
love it!!!. i am a tile contractor and use this app everyday. i love the latest update where the customer can sign the estimate.
. needs the employee menu... i like this app and its convenient and all but there's no reason a simple function like the employee menu shouldn't be on it
playback publishing. good accounting app
disappointed with android app. the pc version is so slick but the android version is very disappointing. as this is cloud based there should be no reason for such limited functionality. where do i enter my expenses when out working? if i had an iphone i would be able to. come on lets have similar functionality to the pc version.
always improving. qbo isn't perfect but it is always improving. this week's update included features for accountants to track their client's pending work, communicate questions and request documents. this is good stuff!
easy. this easy to use app is great for small businesses
i need support no one available. i need support trying to do payroll but no one at qb is available. not a very good way to run this business!
new and improved. i waited a long time to change over to the online version per the advice of my accountant. it was worth the wait. it's a much better version and easier than the regular version of qb
this app does not function properly on ios13. i cannot view any customer files. i can search for them, but the app will not let me click on a customer to edit invoices.
no multi currency in app. there is no multi currency function in the ipad app making it useless for entering overseas travel expenses.
easy to use, very efficient. thank you guys for your great work.
easypeasy. this was the first software that made perfect sense for my social media management and marketing company! i'm unclear why there are so many complaints. i have had no problems or unrealistic acceptance.
works great. business on the go! i wish there where a few more options, but all in all great app.
. get error message when i login on a mobile phone. works fine in mobile browser and on the desktop. app used to be great but cant even access the tools that i'm paying for anymore
not good after update. used to send invoices via email through my phone android before update cannot anymore. called customer service told me to uninstall and reinstall still same problem.. had to buy an ipad in able to send invoices :( horrible!
great app!. awesome tool for your business. if you don’t have a background in basic accounting principals, get a bookkeeper to help you set it up. a great chart of accounts will make the reports super useful.
great app. if the sales history chart can show more than one year will be perfect ( at least 2 yrs )
very happy. i love this app for my business
good app. like the easy use of the app
. so far so good. only been using for a short time and still getting to grips with things. will update as i go.
fee increase is a bad deal. fees increased but same services rendered. otherwise it’s a decent app. i’m disappointed that they get people to invest all there invoices and history in app and program then up the fees in them nearly double. can’t trust a company that does that to ya.
can't live without it. the app is super handy for viewing business info on the go. i'd love it more if there were a few more reports.
best app. i am using this app for my business. it is so easy and accurate. i really like it.
junk  plagued with issues. this is is great when it works, but is plagued with bugs. as of recently it logs me out to “refresh,” then when i log back it it tells me the account doesn’t exist. i fix this i have to delete the app and reinstall it, every, single, time. and their customer service is terrible. they never have any solutions.
easy to use. this app has been a life saver for starting a business and trying to keep the records straight. makes it easy for my accountant to access my records. good job quickbooks
. can do a lot quickly. like most apps doesn't allow you to do everything you can do on full site. great for adding invoices on the go.
life saver!. i absolutely love this app. when i first started out and i didn't have that many funds in the bank, this was one expense i didn't even have to overthink. after using quickbooks online app for only a week i knew i could never go back to organizing my finances on my own. i use it every single day!
great app. coming from microsoft office, i enjoy quickbooks so much. it is so mobile and easy to use. there have been a few questions i had, but a quick search led me to the answer. i recommend the program and the app.
. perfect app
great app but.... i love the app; works great for invoices and customer information on the go... however it would be nice if i could get more detailed reports and accounting information on it too... that's my only real complaint but you can still use a computer for that  miss those reports when i'm away from it though.
mobile glitches... love using quickbooks but i run my business out of town where we are not able to have wifi other than mobile hotspot. using the quickbooks mobile has been convenient but also a p.i.t.a... glitches, closes on its own, logs me out, and sometimes doesn’t save invoicesestimates. has been like this for a while and haven’t had any changes..
makes my life a lot easier.. i wouldn't reccomend to rely on your smart phone for all functions but for day to day activities it's great. it keeps you updated through out the day and avoids forgetting this later on.
cis. 3 stars given because i can barely use the app to submit cis invoices as i have to use the webpage version which does not work very well at all on a mobile interface
"issues. it was working fine on my ipad up until last week. then starting bugging. not all customer transaction appear on the mobile app. called customer service about it. they told me that they were ""working on it"". we shall see. i pay for it monthly...i asked if i still had to pay this month even though it's not working as advertised...answer was yes. not happy with that answer. i will keep you posted. bob"
. this app works perfectly for making and sending invoices, addingediting new items, reviewing bills, etc. i haven't figured out how to download an invoice as a packing slip...sometimes i need that function, so have to go to my computer.
convenient. i upgraded to quickbooks online after some computer problems. it is so comforting to know i can access my information from several devices and the transition went smoothly.
. poor. this app worked fine for 2 years and now they have recently removed the feature where it automatically adds receipts to transactions. the support morons keep telling me it never existed in the first place but i used it for 2 years! i'm now looking for another app to use in it's stead. avoid it at all costs.
. absolutely do not know how i managed my business before this app!
great app!. very useful and convenient app.
east coaster. i love the online version. i can use my laptop, ipad or iphone to update, send quotes or invoices and even take payments via email.
. really good app to use for small businesses
electrician. most important tool of my business.
. great app, simple to use ... a business can't move past a certain point without a reliable payment and invoice tracking system .... quick books delivers and is constantly improving ... highly recommended!!
poor service, poor quality product. this product is the worst i have had to deal with. service is non existent, the app is constantly in errors, backing up is slow, the system does manual and not by the operator, everytime the + symbol is used it closes the app. my accountant doesn’t even like the system. i have loaded, unloaded and reloaded the app so many times it’s no longer a joke. quick books tells me they fixed the fault, like never.
. very nice. easy to manage your business on the go.
great. great software
unclear and sneaky. nowhere in the app did it say that i needed a different product if i’m selfemployed. so i signed up and paid for my first month without knowing that it wasn’t the right one. i’ve paid double the amount i needed to and not even used it and never will use it. a waste of money. not happy at all.
great for mobile services. i'm a computer technician and i use this to send a invoice or estimate for clients. quickbooks has a brand name which is good when you email your clients a invoice, it looks very professional. the best thing about this app is the cloud base syncing of your invoice, clients, income and expenses. it's worth the money if you want good quality invoices for your clients.
. great app for my business, and very simple for first timers
love new layout. love this app it allows me to create invoices and receipt on the go with tablet or phone
easy to follow. app is easy to follow even if you are not an accountant.
update. please fix soon app opens and closes after update.
limited. desktop app for mac is brutal slow. mobile apps ok but limited graphic reports
quickbooks online. fantastic easy way to invoice and keep in touch with customers on the go
very satisfied!. been using the mobile app for the past 2 months now, and i can say it does everything i need. very easy to issue invoices, receive the money, match, reconcile the bank, calculate the vat! the support people are very helpful and have a lot of patience!
works amazing! i love being able to attach pictures right to my expenses when i enter them. it is also really nice to be able to enter expenses on the road. it makes bookkeeping a lot easier!
. perfect for anyone in business. easy to learn and navigate. my clients love the fact i can give them a written proposal or invoice on the spot.
excellent app for small business!. i have to say that i have ised several versions of quickbooks however; the quickbooks online is the best yet!
help and advise. i subscribe this on the trial and pop up the good deal 7.49 for 3 months and should be starting my payment for real is 14.99 in january. hey should be responsible for this ads. apple
don't do it. can't bill a portion of a estimate have to bill it all at once! it will not let you see your job costs per estimate! this is a huge deal i can't believe they haven't fixed this yet. come on qb add another freaken column already! tones of other stuff on the accounting side that i don't know about is missing as well!
this works for me.... i have a hard time keeping up with my invoices but this makes it simple for me to keep track on the move or like right now laying in my bed creating invoices and estimates. this is great.
working great, love dashboard. app is easy to use on the go. some things are better done on desktop but for the most part can do a invoice from phone and accept payments. would be nice if inventory feature wasn't additional cost
love the new app. 5 stars
keeps crashing. i absolutely love this app...but since ios 13 install every time i go to use it, it crashes. i sent an email to support but need this rectified. once that glitch is fixed it’s a 4.5 star app!
. generally a good piece of software... but, if you happen to get an unusual glitch don't expect much help. two of our invoices have been resent to a client 3040 times per day for the last four months. my customer is upset and my bookkeeper has wasted days of time on hold or explaining the exact same situation to countless tech support. come on @intuitbrad is this the best your team can do?
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
so much better than sage one!. can you compare two apps and have one be easier to use and more powerful? yes.
good program. been using this software for about 6 months now and find it very useful as a sole trader it works for me i can pick up my phone and write an invoice straight away.
sweet app!. love the app for keeping track of my ar.
. very good, i am on trial not sure how much full experience will cost, i'll update when i can
. as an accountant it is a handy app to have installed on your phone.
. update: no longer freezes but is now saving estimates and invoices multiple time and showing 70k extra in income from invoices and bank deposits which it's now not allowing us to match payments with invoices so our only current option is to delete all duplicate payments and have customers outstanding balances until this is fixed
. absolutely fantastic. easy to use and tailor to your needs
. great program, and getting better all the time.
emailing invoices. this is an excellent app for tracking income and expenses. however, whenever i try to email invoices, it gives an error message that it is 'unable to send message'. will give five stars if this issue is worked out.
best mobile accounting app. great improvements in the latest version. easily the best ipadiphone app for accounting, that sits well alongside the full featured qbo software.
. just was on hold for 20 minutes and the issue is not resolved. the app is not allowing me to save information. also the online platform is not working with third party apps with the new tax rates in saskatchewan (reciept bank) been waiting for that fix for 3 weeks.
i love this app. i love all of the features it currently has. i wish we had more of the controls we had from our qbo web version. 4616  i love that i can now see my check registers & a few other things have been updated. added the final star!
. best mobile account app solved our problems
doesn't work on ios. unable to login. this is a known issue with qb and ios9. support states it is indefinitely not working. guess they don't have anyone capable of writing code. intuit is a real company, right? embarrassing.
it’s ok, but.... it not very useful as field service software. it’s painfully sloooow to use. even on the pc it’s the same. the software crashes when i need to use it or it’s syncing.
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
no sign in recognition. i have been using the online version on my pc for a while. the mobile app will not let me sign in no matter what i do.
amazing app, but few things need to be improved.. very good app, but needs few things like the web version. if thats added then its the best app for start up businesses.
. this app sucks and has for years! maybe if they charged us $1,000 a month then they could get it to work. maybe they just don't care enough to make it work. samsung galaxy s7 will not show entire history for past customers. mildly important!
very convenient, but.... working on the road, quickbooks has been making the accounting an easy daily task. at least until their recent update. opened quickbooks and voila, it did an update. completed, and now it’s no longer compatible with my mobile computer. a little more difficult to use, they have a mobile app for the phone which saved the day, for the moment.
. the app has finally grown up. intuit is doing a much better job of listening to the customer.
lacking bank register. i don't really touch the other features, i'm solely interested in coding bank transactions when i have a few minutes spare. cannot be done via this app.
update = crash. haven't been able to use app since updated. disrupting my business. will not open.
. great app for on the go invoices
track time. so far i’m pretty unhappy with this app because i thought that i could use it to track my time while i was with a client with a timer. i know that i read that somewhere when i was researching this app. that would have been a perfect feature. if this is something that i can actually do and someone can let me know how to do it i will change my rating to 4 or 5 stars.
. very professional app
zero stars. another worthless update. now you have to login every freakin time i set my phone down and of course invoicing a customer with a credit still doesn't synchronize correctly and has never. if you're looking for an accounting system please shop around before getting tangled up in this company. i've been waiting for that call from tech support for 5 years lololol. why do you keep trying to fix what isn't broken.
love qb online. i love everything about it. my favorite features are the qb app and being able to process bids and invoices from my phone! and being able to accept online payments thru the invoicing feature is awesome too.
. i though it would be difficult. once it's set up, it's a breeze. the importing of bank transactions really makes things easier.
excellent. really good app. carry your whole business in your pocket.
simplicity. great app for those with a mobile office who can sort paperwork instantly!
quickbooks online is great. i love being able to add expenses while on the road. i appreciate the snapshot of where my business is performing. it is great to have a record of what’s going on!
every small business needs this. you have no idea how this app boosted our mobile productivity, billing and cashflow efficiency. we are a family blue collar business, no one here loves paperwork, we love our phones and vehicles though and quickbooks online allows us spend very little time at the office and more time doing things we actually charge $$$ for doing.
you need to purchase one per company. if you own multiple companies this software may not work for you. unless you rather pay double and in my case triple for each software per company. highly disappointed and no one that would solve it. regretfully invested.
. easy to use, very useful when on the go!
not pleased. for one i still can't redownload the app after i accidentally deleted it. it's been months. i hit the cloud button and it does nothing. i also put an estimate in and the phone didn't save it. when i checked desktop it was saved 6x because i kept trying to do it on the phone. the app has many glitches but it is helpful when i'm not by a computer but u cannot rely solely on the app.
. what an utter waste of my money for initially subscribing to it. very difficult to use. the questions are complicated when declaring expenses. don't bother using this app better keeping your own ledger!
mgrm. great app. useful and easy to use.
. terrible. my bank account will not sync and support refuse to contact me. no transactions show up other than the ones that appeared the first time i downloaded this app. definitely not worth paying for the full version.
signing out.... ugh this app keeps signing me out in the middle of my work.. please fix this soon. 😞
crashes. every time i try signing in the app says my sign in has expired.
simply functional. app makes invoicing easy, and allows you to track any outstanding receivables. should make tax time much easier.
. we're learning how to use. it seems to be very usefulbeneficial. my guys are picking it up quickly. easy to learn
. compared with the apple version, the android version scrolling doesn't work
recent update. crashes frequently! if editing an estimate or invoice on ipad it opens in a floating window that can slide down into the abyss and all progress is lost! very unhappy with the latest update!
five stars!. has helped out tremendously when it comes to my business. it makes it so much easier to use then the paper receipt books. it helps me stay organized and keeps me updated to the second. thanks quickbooks!
. even though i canceled my subscription 1 month ago, it still continues to withhold money from me.
buggy. crashes all the time. always bugging to buy things. bad. uninstalled
bad program. won't send estimates and invoices. buisness cash flow has been screwed up.
great app. love that i can get estimates approved right on my phone!
if you don’t use quickbooks you’re probably wasting a lot of time.. i find the day to day management of my business much easier and less time consuming since i started using quick books. as with everything, it isn’t perfect. i would like to see more features on the mobile app. that being said, i only use the app and it works well for me. customer service is excellent. they strive to resolve any issue you throw at them. i would highly recommend!
works. 3 small companies, always on the go. this a is a handy solution....my accountant loves it to.
terrible product and now doesn't even connect. previous reviews are on the money, this app is terribly crippled on ipad and mobile. to make it worse some days, like today i can't even connect to do these limited tasks. intuit please wake up before you get rolled over like blackberry!!!
crashing. since moving to iphone11 pro  the app keeps crashing. can’t even access it! please fix this as i have to upload receipts to my laptop to add to quickbooks! ain’t nobody got time for that........
handy invoicing tool when out and about. i use this app predominantly to invoice as i travel a lot in my job. it has been a bit of a game changer to be able to produce professional invoices on the go. and amazing to keep track of payments.
. currently a subscriber to many quickbooks services. unfortunately, i am no longer able to access my account via the app on my mobile device after the latest update. will update my rating if the issue can be remedied
. words cannot express how unfriendly this platform and interface is. both on app and desktop. nothing is plain and simple, switching back to invoice2go as i've been trying to create an estimate for over 6 hrs here and it takes me 5 mins on invoice2go
. recent updates have greatly improved this app! it used to be hard to switch back to it if you opened another app, but that's now fixed. i love being able to invoice customers right away, record an expense (along with a photo of the receipt) and take a payment.
ios 13 incompatible. was using this app, working fine on my ipad with ios 12 but updated phone to ios 13 and will not load app but crashes every time i open it. i’m not paying for a dud app. fix it or refund my subscription.
custom invoices & estimates. this is a bad design
. does what it says it does, i couldn't expect more!
fantastic app. easy to use.. i wish they give more invoice customization options..
. using this app had help me reduce the time required to prepare my client account significantly from months to just weeks. some from 23 years backlog to weeks. i can use the time saved for other aspects of my client business.
love it!. qb is stunningly simple yet superbly sufficient to handle our business needs for invoicing clients, reporting ar and preparing us for yearend taxes. the mobil app is equally impressive!
. awesome app. makes running my business so much easier when i am on the go!
. i basically keep my accouting up to date with this app. there are functions that i still need my pc for, but i can mostly work from the app.
great app, easy to use!. this is a great financial management app. i'm far from an accountant but once you have your chart of accounts set up, keeping track of expenses and income is a breeze! a few swipes of your finger and you can reconcile your bank accounts. if only more things were this easy!
still needs work. not all features are equally accessible on pc, ipad or iphone, such as selecting different estimate and invoicing templates. most likely a bug and would love to see that fixed . the online version on the pc is slowwww
quickbooks app. does not work well. needs a lot of improvements. each time i back up my files i end of with multiple copies on my ipad. have called several times and each time they blame the app developer which i have contacted but never heard back from them. poor program that needs fixing to get it up to good standards. do not recommend until they fix problems.
. tried twice now to add my bank account and no luck, keeps saying i'm logged in on another device but i'm not. been into online support twice now and they can't fix it so the app is pointless to me
useless. invoices won't save please fix
binoy. easy to use interface love the app
a1. great saves money time talks to my accountant, does estimates, converts to invoice simple
. unable to use your 30 days free demo, downloaded app, when tried logging in, it says app login feature is available for indian users. when try the same in browser, and after logged in when i want to use free trail it is asking for 10$ payment
app is handy, but buggy. recurring invoices are a wreck. i have had the same issue for 2 years with quickbooks resetting my settings every month and automatically sending invoices to my clients without approval.
great for my employers. i'm an office manager at two companies, and i've been able to save my employers, field technicians, and office staff time, money, and paper with qbo. thanks intuit!
versatile and available. great for my small business that i can get clients info from a mobile platform and send invoices and sales receipts while mobile.
tax invoice as per india standard. dear, please give us more invoice style templates as per india stander
. disappointed with the app. does not show payments posting to accounts within the past 24 hours. it showed payments posted 4 or more days.
so far i have enjoyed the freedom from sitting at my computer. i can make estimates send invoices and do my banking right on my phone anytime anyplace.. sweet app
. app no longer works at all. i've tried uninstalling & reinstalling nothing. i've left emails for qb to contact me regarding this and no response. not looking good for them right now
. sign up this morning and it says free trial but once i finished sign up, google straight away charge my credit card for 1 month subscription and auto renew
business management made easy.... quickbooks has taken the pain and most of the time out of bookkeeping for my photography business. it lets me spend my time working with customers and get invoices out promptly to get paid!
limited functionalty. the app has limited functionality, can't see transaction details of any expenses and income accounts; can only see the assets and was told to use the browser version. can't drill down from a report to see the details of the transactions. touch id login is handy. so it's better to just use the browser version.
love qbo it's fantastic.. this app rocks. i can see they are adding more features.
doesn’t work on ios13. hoping for another update as it doesn’t work on ios13
check balances. i use desktop version of quick books and love it, but with this app version i just wanted to check the basic ability to check my checking account balance from my register and you can't do that. really intuit it's that the most basic reason of a checking account. please add this and more people will review this app better.
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
easy & convenient. love how easy it is to navigate the menu and do my business away from the computer.
invoices don’t look great. the issue i had when using quickbooks was the invoices just didn’t look very polished or professional. there’s a way of setting up a custom invoice, but really you want a good default so you don’t have to muck around.
can’t upload receipts. it’s incredibly ridiculous that you can’t upload receipts from anywhere but your photos app. what if you get emailed an invoice? nope can’t upload it!
. i am downloading this app but downloading is very slow. happening only with this app.
crashes all the time and there’s no way to ask for help.. this app crashes every time i update my iphone, even when i update the app. don’t even bother trying to contact qb about it, they’ll tell you to uninstall and reinstall (like you don’t know) and then that’s about the extent of their support.
must have !!!. if you have a business that serves customers and you want to collect payment at time of service or later, you want this software along with its phone apps to do business in the field. your a fool if you don't !!!!
signature issues. the app crashes every time i get a signature or it doesn't save the signature. please resolve this issue. it has now been a week and this is still an issue.
. great app. please keep your prices reasonable.
quick books app. absolutely love this app, its works fabulously well on my iphone. my only gripe with the app and it's operations is that not all of my customer emails that are sent are being received by my customers. i have highlighted this to quickbooks and they were extremely unhelpful in assisting with rectifying this matter, which i found extremely disappointed given this is a paid subscription service, and not a free service.
***** updated latest.. very useful.
payroll unable to handle contractors. unable to pay contractors on 1099 also their supports work around took more time than outsourcing payroll. wuuuuuuut? ? i have used quicken since computers came out and it looks nice and works great for (normally) most things. cheers
negative stock entry. i have been using this app from 5 days.. please make a provision of not issuing invoice when the stock is 0.. plus while entering the purchase bill give a column of itemised discount in the items
impressed. i put off upgrading to online version after using quickbooks pro for five years, struggling to enter online direct debit expenses and payments. online version makes entering data easy and efficient. such a time saver for me. well done intuit! definitely worth the monthly subscription fee.
super & excellent apps. very user friendly application . i would recommend this software to other people
excellent. does everything i need for my small business and allows seamless coordination with my accountant.
might be better. purchases within the app are very expensive! and, by the way, the app cannot be considered as stable
great app!!!. this is a great app for my small business. i can make and send out invoices from my phone. which is great!!
. works better than the pc version, easy to track expenses etc
. very useful.
. great app
what happened?. this app used to work perfectly. after the last update i can't use it how i used too. if they do not fix it soon i am going to have to look into other options
easy to learn and use. everywhere access, integrated bank and credit card transactions. easy to create transactions on the road.
". updating my review since the login issue has been fixed. the quickbooks app it has been very useful for my mobile business. i'm glad to see they finally made where i can attach pdf documents to the invoice. the only thing i i would like to see updated is when the customer signs the invoice it currently just shows their signature, i would like it to say ""signed by:"" and even be able to type their name as signatures are virtually impossible to read."
no es para argentina. bien pero no pude incluir los bancos
more than convenient, it's necessary. having the app makes it so much easier to do business on the go. you can send estimates and invoices before the client meeting has even ended. efficient and essential!
fantastic software !. currently in a middle of a building site, sending clients invoice & estimates. now my time is my own this evening ! couldn’t do with out it .
. i love this app. anyone with a small business should have this!
one thing. i give it four stars cause i cant figure out how to keep it completely updated and current, i have qb on my computer and i have information on there that does not show up on the app, but overall its perfect.
. easy to use. mobile app is good for searching previously created invoices. i prefer desktop version for using all other tools.
awesome. i have an hvac business and everything in this app is awesome. the invoicing,estimates,collecting payments, emailing invoices or estimates, the whole thing. my wife does the books and she loves this version of quickbooks better than the pro version. i can access it from my ipad or iphone and my wife can access it from her samsung phone. all around great app. you do have to have the quickbooks online version on a computer and it has a monthly fee, but well worth it.
logging out.... every time i open the app, it logs out. so now i have to keep my qb password with me. love qb but hate this app. have raised the issue, been ignored.
critical simple feature still missing  for years!. please add the ability to print or download packing slips from the mobile app. everything else can wait till i am back in the office. sometimes a packing slip must be done in a rush. mobile app is useless to me without the packing slip feature.
. app won't download sticks at 64% :
"love this app!. love this app but it would be great if they allow me to include ""shipping date"" for the invoices generated on mobile"
poor compatibility. online version does not work with safari. quickbooks refused a refund stating it is not there issue. avoid and just get a good account
useless. won't accept my phone number so can't go any further ill look elsewhere for a app that works
great when working. this app is a great app , however every time that apple do an update it seems to cause issue in regards to the program recognising that you have a up to date subscription
great app but needs better reporting. need to see better reporting access on the app. i can’t run balance sheets on a custom format and it’s annoying.
used to work. this last update has my app crashing and signing me out almost every time i use it. usually this is fixed quickly but it’s been a while now. please update the app so it’s doesn’t crash on the iphone x
. improve ur app i clear all my data buy in app its still coming
. this is a easy to use app and makes keeping track of finances easy i'm still having no problems using quickbooks and it just gets easier and easier . and if you need help the team is there , i recommend this especially if you have no real experience u swing an accounting system
useless app. mileage tracking is grossly inaccurate, way too many inadequacies and limitations on the invoicing and accounting features. this app is a joke. i tried it for several months and have lost money as a result of it's shortcomings. the positive reviews here must be fake. do your research and search the web for accurate reviews. i recommend everlance as a better option.
. great app
android function. i would give more stars but i didn't because i can't get the suppliers details and transaction from my android device i have only customer details since its avaliable in the iphone i expect to have it in the android application as well
too expensive. would give it 5 stars if it was cheaper $20 for just invoices give me a break
perfect software for the right companies. i absolutely love it! i have a small freelance design company, so i'm billing for services and commissions. there is nothing i need that it doesn't do and do well. i don't need inventory, estimates or payroll, so this program is about as friendly to me as it could possibly be.
changes are not good. unable to email with attachments. the older app will not work.
app fails to load on iphone x. failed to start in iphone 6s and iphone x
. do not purchase this app!!!!!!!!!! you can never upgrade. to upgrade, you need to cancel account and reenter all data in upgraded version. purchase only direct from quickbooks not the play store!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! if purchasing from quickbooks, you can upgrade as your business grows
better than the rest. i keep trying to switch but end up back again because everything else sucks
great mobile app. perfect for my mobile power washing company as all my customers and estimates are available at the touch of a button no matter where i am!
do not use to run payments through. i ran two payments with them the first they held up because routing number issues and the second because my bank account was not financially available or what ever to run transactions what kind of s**t is that now they want me to refund $2100. to customer on the card after car has left 4 days later and i have to figure out how im going to get my money . horrible !!!!!!
best accounting software. so easy to use. has so many features.
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎"
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
crashing after ios13 update!. app is crashing after face id log in on xs max ios13
. it's a great app. i use it all the time with my company. very efficient, and easy to navigate. automatically logs out so no one else can get access to it ( logs out after being in active for a certain amount of time). making banking, estimate invoice, and employees records very easy to keep track of. also love that i can store customers an accept payment online also. only downside sometimes it can be slow but other than that it's outstanding
great and helpful app!. very easy and lots of good components for business transactions. good job!
great app. love the details and ability to invoice or add customers on the go!
works like it should. the app works like you would expect it to and i have nothing but good things to say about quickbooks support!
multiple companies. love the app when it's working properly. doesn't switch between companies well, it'll show customers for my other company under the wrong account and makes it impossible to actually work from. i'm sure if you just have one business account it works fine.
"great app for distributors. we can invoice and deliver on the fly without having to go back to the office to capture the ""in the moment sales"". our accountant has access and was able to set our account up to match his categories for a fast and no worry tax prep."
dirty tactics for subscription. unsubscribing to this app is so difficult. an error prompt always appears everytime i process unsubscribing. but if it’s any form of purchase, upgrading, downgrading, anything other than unsubscribing works just fine. no reply from their customer service since i contacted them a few weeks ago. i hope other people who has the same problems with this app comes forward so this developer stops milking money from unwilling customers.
not able to login. never download this app. i have reported this error many times to the quickbooks support team. till this date they haven't even just looked into this issue.
garbage. doesn't log in. rubbish. unimpressed
. great app, very useful
glitches. app has lots of glitches. try to create an invoice and it was not working. quickbooks has been awesome up to this point. i run my whole business through quickbooks in this new update has been a disappointment. should've left it alone!
. edit 12319: thanks for the fix and newer versions. this app has been updated and expanded to be a powerful tool on the go. crash problem fixed. love qbo i love that this app is a limited version of the qbo for your desktop browser: however, it crashes on start up all the time rendering it useless.
good start, but i need to enter time tickets on this app.. hopefully they add that feature soon.
. very close to cancelling my subscription as app doesn't work. after adding 45 receipts i get an error message that my request cannot be added and i should call customer support. have tried reinstalling clearing cache signing out and nothing works permanently very frustrated
great app. absolutely helpful and useful
. it would be great if you could see what the bank balance is. new update, you can now see your balance sheet so you can tell what your bank balance. good update.
update ruined app. since the last update you cannot run credit cards on the app. it crashes immediately when you attempt to. my business uses qb on 25 devices. all crash when taking payments. this has caused a massive issue for us and clients. beware of putting too many eggs in the basket of a company that can be sloppy with the interface they sell you.
terrible app. keeps crashing. keeps dumping you out telling you that “critical updates “ and must login again. try to login and  am a very longtime customer  it tells you your company is nonexistent. ba humbug. complain to intuit and they say use a “supported” device. in other words: don’t use the app. time to find software other than quick books.
user friendly. works great!. great app for running a small business. easy to use for estimates, invoicing, accounts receivable, etc. can't wait to integrate it with our payroll to make billing for labor even easier. highly recommend.
still slow & buggy. home page shows update date as current and. transactions to reconcile yet when i go to the individual accounts to do it the numbers are either wrong or transactions not there...
so very useful!. i run a dog walking business and basically manage my entire business with my s4, this app and a printer. so easy to set up and maintain. i am very happy with quickbooks and would definitely recommend to others.
. but as good as iphone so but as good as iphone app
very poor support and feature. features are basic and they won’t let you unlock the others with poor support. don’t use
really good !. used a different invoicing program for years but would not sync with quickbooks. so i went over to the best and figuring it out. quickbooks online has made it easy to work through. good job developers !! been 8 months now and have to say quickbooks online has been excellent ! not too hard to learn and very easy for my customers. a winwin
really helpful. i now send me my invoice as soon as i finish my job and get paid immediately.
not particularly useful. the service is so limited can't even check account balences making the app mostly useless. i'll delete now.
ok when it works.. this app is ok when it works but if intuit is having issues, they will never admit it and they will leave you hanging for up to a day or more without help! not worth the money.
really good!. overall i think it's a great app. the one thing i would like them to add is the total dollar amount in the invoice section. in other words it would be nice to see a dollar amount on the tabs for open invoices and past due invoices.
. the app offers no simple means to cancel your account should you wish to do so. their help desk also seems eager to push you off on to other, equally unhelpful venues. they also informed me that once i manage to cancel my account (if even possible) they will continue to hold on to my personal information, defeating the point of cancelling an account.
. halimuzzaman syed. islami bank ltd bangladesh.
. quickbooks online is awesome and is super valuable for my business, i am not one to recommend, but it saves me hours and i recommend it to everyone. the desktop program is great that i download for my pc, it has all the same useful features as the online platform. the apps are not the same. they are missing a lot of the features, and frankly useless. i typically just login through the browser with my android tablet and iphone....sorry just the truth!
great app. the most recent updates made this app amazing. it is invaluable in my business. there are still some tweaks to be made but overall i give it 5stars.
. would be great if you could actually see activity on vendors or customers instead of just there profile. have had this app for 3 years now and has never fully synced only pulls up a quarter of the information that you see online.
. love the program, but still new to it, and ned to learn more about it.
. great app.
. absolutely overwhelming! you surround yourselves with the most incredible and pleasant staff. bill, just like the the other individuals that i talked with in the last two days are extraordinary and simply the best. thanks a lot for all your help. pedro
clumsy, slow, crashes often. not a great app, times out saving transactions, sometimes saves them, sometimes not. not worth the money
. the online version and mobile app helps me stay uptodate vs. the desktop version i previously used. i love it!
. great accounting capabilities for small and medium enterprises, compatible across all my devices. taxation is resolved quickly, no stress and most definitely no complains
do not update to ios 13. if you rely on the app, don’t update to ios 13 until they make it compatible. it crashes on startup after face id.
. this is a very user friendly app. i can modify and create estimatesinvoices on the fly! good work intuit!
owneroperator. enjoy app. helps me keep updated when away from my desktop
mechanic shop. just starting out with the program but it seems to work great!!!
great program!. super convenient and easy to use.
. this app is just perfect. simple and easy to use and anyone without any accounting background can easily adapt to use it. 👍
. update 2020: since the last 2 updates, the app is broken now and does not work at all. can't log in, and just get a 'device appears to be offline' message.
limited and buggy. there are too many features not included to make the app any use.
not working properly after update. people have businesses to run!! i understand glitches from freecheap apps. not something that costs $360year. why did you replace the pin with passcode? i don’t want to log into my iphone, ever. all i need secured is my qb app and the pin worked just fine for that. with this update i can login successfully once every 2030 attempts. intuit, test your updates before you release them!!!
i haven't used much. i've only updated a few transactions on the app, so far! but all is good as of now. super easy!
easy to use. with our business at the end of our fingertips, quickbooks provides the ease required to manage our income and expenses quickly and effortlessly. having used most of the other leading brands, we find this is the best by far!
very pleased client. i love this app. it has saved me so many times. there are a couple things you can't do on the app that you can do on the desktop like change your payment information but i have no issue with that. thanks intuit for another great product.
quick books app. absolutely love this app, its works fabulously well on my iphone. my only gripe with the app and it's operations is that not all of my customer emails that are sent are being received by my customers. i have highlighted this to quickbooks and they were extremely unhelpful in assisting with rectifying this matter, which i found extremely disappointed given this is a paid subscription service, and not a free service.
quickbooks. quickbooks on my cell phone keeps me in touch with our office 247. once data is entered by our staff it is immediately updated to my cell phone as well as other devices. for the times our staff had a question regarding entries, the help line for quickbooks was always answered by a person who took a personal interest in our problems and they always found a solution. dorothy apartment rentals
. makes life easier
login. i am not able to login.
great for tracking business and personal expenses. great app
. i like the relatively seamless access from desktop, internet and mobile app
very useful. great app yo keep up with your income and expenses. i just love the way everything is set up.
quick books makes my life easier!. doing estimates and sending invoices is easier then ever!
. quickbooks online is great, but the app does not include much for keeping your business mobile. all the small things really upset me, such as not showing inventory quantity on hand in the app. i'll just keep using the web browser until the app is up to par.
". seems ok, but missing the most important feature that i'd use such a mobile qb app for: please add the ability to add ""single time activities"" to the app. that way, i can add my times while ""in the field."" am i the only one who really wants that? thanks in advance!"
great for the business owner on the go. i love this app. it allows me to stay in the know with all of my offices finances.
. awesome! they still need to improve a bit for the mobile app, as some things are not available on it compared to desktop, but really, i couldn't run my business without quickbooks online
better for bigger companies. using for 18 months and i like it but won't even give me basic pos things like total quantity unless i upgrade to $40 per month. who in god's name can afford that? not easy to do bigger orders either, i have to write them down 1st then go back to computer at office! not cool!
. love this app great for my small business
". mobile app is full of bugs, recent ""update"" has now made it so my account is unable to sync and wont let me log in. not very useful for my mobile business. tried reinstalling the app, still no luck."
crashes. constantly crashes and doesnt work as promised.
cant edit payroll options. cant make a lot of changes pertinent to online users who need access thru their phone.
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
garbage. quick books won’t upload garbage use and other accounting software.
need help. i have problem with the data sync status. it written unable to get data. i can't even sent this message to your contact.
deposit. tried many times with support how to do deposit with app no one can tell me how using tablet very frustrating
great app. found this app so easy and user friendly for our small business 😃
app issue’s. i purchased a new ipad pro 12.9, i downloaded the quickbooks app. on the left tab when i would select sales it causes the app to crash. i tried deleting the app and reinstalling the app and it did the same thing.
longtime quickbooks user. always pleased with the updates. best program i've used. very user friendly
. this app is the biggest piece of shut app i've ever used invoice asap is 10 times better yes it will connect with quick books but quick books on this app particularly online sucks dick i would rather have a disc version on my computer then online version whom ever came up with this version should have their hands chopped off
h2a solutions. best way to invoice my customers
excellent software. best products, excellent customer service, can't imagine how i would manage without it. thanks quickbooks!!!
. this app made me feel more in control of my own books
. can't log in why won't it let me sign in? this is awful! please fix quickly!!
"not as good as it was.. getting worse. incorrect allocation of funds to invoices. the mobile app doesn't allow expense entering anymore (""we're working on it""  november 16). yes, you can see invoices and forward from the phone, but wouldn't want to do anything else. come on qb, get your act together. u.k."
ez modern business book keeping. i love this app program... it's very ez to apply it with your business services.. download it 2day!
worst customer support ever. worst customer support in history. using their software and need cs is the best ticket to drive you out of business.
i rely on online sync with my external banks. i'm disappointed the subscription i pay for is not mobile. i imagine it would take a lot of programming to include sync on mobile tablets but if it's already hosted on the server, why no access? i'm not a architect but i imagine outsourcing the sync hardware off the tablet you could get your current transactions on mobile . maybe i'm crazy
awesome app!. great software, well written and updated regularly, moves seamlessly between phone ipad and desktop
. great and simple to use, whether using the computer or phone.
time tracking missing from app. i bill services by the hour and pay extra for the version of quickbooks that supports time tracking. was very disappointed to see this feature completely missing from the app. it’s such an obvious thing to have on the go. now i need to have a totally separate system to track time...
nothing works for me. nothing works for me with this app. if i login using desktop, qbo is ok but when i use the app, there is no information; no clients, no invoices, nothing. the subscription says i have a free trial until 2037. phone support was unsuccessful.
. it's a good app only thing is sometimes it takes a while to upload but it could be the servers of our phone
. i was not aware that you needed their main subscription of $25 per month to access this extra monthly charge. also i am still being charged my one month payment for thinking i could use this on my andeoid only and signing up. not impressed for a co.pany i worked with their software for years. now like microsoft, it's a money grab with subscriptions. sad. loved them for years.
. the app is really handy when adding expenses. easy to navigate.
works sometimes. account synchronization works sometimes. paypal often stops working until i log out and log back in online. bank account takes days to update. not a great app. integration. integration needs some work.
. excellent way to utilize your phone to help keep track of your expenses!
. really frustrated, do not buy this app through google, once you setup you account through good you can not upgrade you account or transfer it to a regular subscription. so i'm just stuck with what i have....
good app. it does ok in a pinch. certainly easier to search transactions on a computer.
great for invoices on the go. being able to do estimates and have it linked with the office is great.
. wow. can't even describe how annoyed i am right now. this app is horrible. it wouldn't even allow me to complete the account creation process. i attempted 5 times and no luck, so i'm leaving this review and uninstalling it now. get to work quickbooks, this is disgraceful.
"buggy, issues with sync. for some reason this app is constantly having connection issues for me. i get messages like ""transaction not accepted"". then i have to log into the desktop version to actually do the work. ok for a glance but not useful for productivity."
app needs additional improvements. please add ability to sync bank and other vendor accounts using the app. also, need outlook calendar for schedule management and payment processing integrated into this app. also need hour start and end tracking tool by each employee along with ability to send text confirmation to customer.
very good for any kind of business!. quickbooks is great app for managing the everyday finances. it's very fast to send invoices, with this app all income and expenses are simple and quick.
. nothing but problems  continuous billing issues for 3 months so i cancelled. far from having a month free and paying £6mth for the past 2 months, i have paid over £45. really frustrated with quickbooks. i will be looking for an alternative.
categorize expense. useful. would be better if it can scan the photo and also categorize expenses.
. it's great handy thing. i like it very much because now i can produce invoices when ever i want.
. until now i'm happy. i attached all my expenses and i can see how much money i have invested in by small business.
very easy to use, and company responds to queries and requests. i have used this app for 4 months now and find it is constantly improving and great to use
. app is crashing. also, when it does log in successfully, it doesn't remember my state from previous login. it needs to downloads stacks of data all over again.
keep up the good work!. i really like the platform. it is very user friendly. it has to be for me to figure it out. works every time i use it. no crashes. keep it up!
quickbooks online + app. quickbooks online is making my business accounts so easy. the bank connections feature allows you to sync online accounts straight into your account records. when new transactions are available, you can view and add them straight into your accounts, made easier by quicbooks match feature that marks transactions with previous similar transactions. support during setup period has been excellent which has made switching from another online accounting software quite an easy process. very impressive so far.
not impressed.. i literally have to 'reset' my password about 9 out of 10 times when i go to use this app....it keeps telling me my user name or password are wrong(they are actually not) and so i keep 'changing' my password to the same password that it has been......very frustrating that almost every time i am visiting a client, i have to spend 810 minutes on accessing the info from the app.
decent. great for checking in on the fly, but a few more features would be great. i have a feeling they'll come in time.
. i have been using this app for 6 months. $40 subscription doesn't get me receipt capture, but the $10 subscription gets it... cannot get it to save information once i enter it, tells me to call a support line that seemingly cannot help me.
. very nice updates to the app. easy to use in the go.
. great app. keeps all my business expenses in order.
shiny, pretty and useless. the shinier they make it, the more confusing and unfriendly it gets. no reminders, no scheduled transactions and no searchable help. i have the ipad app to make accounting quick and easy when i travel not to have something new to learn.
good for on the go. good for on the o, definitely not the same as on the desktop, but pretty good app for most things you need to do quickly
shoameli. very good for my company on the go i have all i need maybe a catalog will be even better!
error. when i'm create account, step after company name creation, always getting server error. and i can't even try this app without broken registration. :(
. the app displays different figures for the amount overdue for a donor than what the website does. quite alarming that it shows different figures. means i can't trust anything it says!
. i am totally dissatisfied with qb small business app and quickbooks in general. i'm also using an android and having the same syncing problem. i will be cancelling my subscription with quickbooks altogether and will be going with one of their competitors. it has been a waste of my time with all the phone calls with their technical support in the philippines who gave totally incorrect information about the issue which was clarified when i spoke to customer service in sydney.
". 6.10.19  i hate it. you can't do ""billable"" expenses from the app. you cant edit invoices that have been sent. terrible. i hate it. 8.12.19  still hate it. noone has ""investigated""my situation. 👎👎"
mr dak kanani. very good app
. have had an issue with sending invoices through my app for the last 3 days. even after several calls and emails no one can tell me when this will be rectified. poor support and unorganized for such a large company.
perfect for construction guys. i'm always running from job to job and the mobility to give estimates and invoice is on the spot is priceless... plus the customizable terms for each buildercustomer with the added alerts helps me stay on top of receivables
"problems. this app will not let me save an invoice, it always says ""this number already exists"" no matter which number i add. only started the error on the 301112, please fix."
mgrm. great app
cannot link to amex. caution, you can no longer use the mobile app to link to your american express account. i first installed it in 2015 it was awesome because it linked to my american express account and i could go through and enter them into quickbooks very easily. now unfortunately they have just simply discontinued that feature for some reason and their technical support people refuse to even acknowledge that they used to do it in the first place
. this app is great. i can do everything from my phone. i'm can update at any moment and keep an eye on clients who are running late on payments.
. fantastic and user friendly
love this product. i've been using qb for years. every year it get better than the year before. i won't use any other accounting software.
. easy to navigate! great app!
qb app !!!. love the app ! now with the new update i can log in with touch id :))) how fan, and saving much time.
electrician. this is app for business
". i am a new user to quickbooks and to the quickbooks online, and i have enjoyed the flexibility the app allows those of us who are constantly ""onthego."" it is a beneficial convenience for our employees who office out of their vehicle daily, traveling from plumbing appointment to plumbing appointment."
great tool for those on the go!. while there is a lot of functionality missing that would make this app even more convenient, what it does offer is a tremendous help while on the go. from creating invoices to recording expenses to seeing your p&l and balance sheet, this app is a great tool and extremely easy to use!
excellent. very useful and easy for my business in all its developments.
phone number. i like the app. i can use it for my business plan. but when im entering my phone number to create my account, it says invalid. please fix. country: philippines
dreadful just unusable plus desktop version same. started well. then couldn’t input expenses on the app. hard and long winded to get support. now cant enter invoices and reciepts on desktop version!! totally pointless package and when you have r pugh troubles running your own business!!!!! think i will go back to my accountant and just dump everything with him each month as the hours this is costing me plus unbelievable stress!!!!
. after new update the app is crashing
. all new version is awesome this app is awesome! when intuit separated the quickbooks mobile app from this quickbooks online app they fixed a bunch of bugs and added a ton of features. if you have a quickbooks online subscription you need this app!
. great experience
okay. i'm new to doing my own bookkeeping and find this product clunky and not very easy to use. issues with importing transactions and program changing dates and the order compared to the bank. it's not very easy to see what account transfers are moving tofrom. it's hard to distinguish credits for debits. poor customer service. no good summary graphs. slow to attach receipts. multiple clicks to do basic things. cuts off file names if there too long.
. working great. people complaining about the price aren't using all of the features. i now pay less because i got rid of other programs and apps.
perfect!!!. this software is perfect!!!!
great app. great app links well details on the laptop. can create invoices on as soon as the job is finished.
could be better. still no auto save. it’s 2018 folks, time to wake up. does not perform the same on my phonetablet as my desktop. i.e automated emails on my desktop autofill my clients name, my phone does not. on my desktop i can switch the order of items on my invoices and estimates, on my phone i cannot. the simple editing features are extremely important on a device that smaller than my hand.
miss e hughes. fantastic resource easy to you & amazing customer service.
. excellent easy to use, logical app. saves me loads of time
appliance men. great app.. 💯. all you need to run your small business on the go ... team it up with square for the ultimate in portability team both up with an ipad and you have excellence
. great app, would like more control from mobile devices
nice work. each revision makes the app even better. i did not appreciate the price increase but if the service continues to improve then it is valuable to my organization.
very useful mobile app. i don't expect my mobile version (android) to replace my desktop version. for checking customer balances, emailing invoices, and receiving payments it's a perfectly useful app. quick and easy access to invoices, customer balances, expenses, customer info, p&l and balance sheet. i'm not running or expecting more sophisticated reports from my phone! works great for what i need!
. useful when you are on the go and need to access you financial records.
easy to use. not too bad need more bug fixings
. i love the app so much, but if can add more function n reports in mobile app then is really perfect:) 23092019 i wish to ask, wether you can remove the function which not allowed to screenshot ? it is very frustrated when i need to inform my customer how much they owe. please !!!
limited company. absolutely brilliant. allows me to create and send clients invoices no matter where i am. without doubt the best accountsbusiness management system available. so simple to use and effective
horrible. please update this app so it stops crashing during every use!!! also, critical updates every time you try and do anything???? getting old and frustrating. fix it!!!!! also, why when you update a transaction, it saves it from before the update, so you are doing the work twice???
confusing. i used the trial a little while ago, and sort of went off it. just renewed the subscription now with the exact the same email, but quickbooks somehow created a new company instead! the support for backing up the company’s data is all over the place, since there are so many variants of the softwareapp.
great app. could do with a little bit more graphic approach, but very effective.
major flaw  can't run payroll or attached from dropbox. 3 stars as you are unable to run payrol on the go or even view payroll  employees wages which is a major part of this app that is missing. also when uploading attachments you can attached anything other than a photo. no links to dropbox etc which again is a major flaw
can't edit customers. you can make new customers but once one is in there you can't edit them unless i go to my pc
best app for small businesses. i own and operate a small it consulting company and this is the best business management app in the world. i can literally walk into an office or home of a new customer, add their information and invoice them on the spot. no need to mail an invoice and wait days or weeks. not to mention its very inexpensive.
please fix me. ios 13 ijust upgrade cannot write items into invoices
. great app easy to navigate
. i only use this for invoices & bids, i love that i can use on my tablet, phone and computer, and it actually works. there was an issue logging back in on my tablet for awhile, but looks like they finally fixed it, because i have not had any problems for 46 weeks now
pathetic. when will intuit wake up and get a real program for the ipad? very limited unless all you want is invoicing....disappointed....was hopeful at one point but have had it with intuit
asim hussain. loved the life
still unresolved issues 3 month later. i’ve had quickbooks for over 3 month now and since i’ve had it i have been unable to allocate my bank transactions on my app. i’ve flagged this to quickbooks and had responses but no fix. keep being told to use desktop version for now! 3 months and still not fixed isn’t good enough for a payed for app.
qb online. i switched to qb online because i needed the mobility so i can write invoices from my smartphone while on the go. my old desktop version was so much easier to use and navigate through than the online version. in my opinion the online version is far less professional and versatile. i guess i’m stuck here though as the desktop version doesn’t work while i’m traveling.
doesn’t support enough features in app. can’t generate invoice with cis. not sure i will subscribe after trial.
coowner. most of our business is at the customer sites and this app makes real invoicing, estimating and other accounting possible right at the customer site. it's constantly improving, too.
newest update doesn’t load dashboard. dashboard and home button do nothing now. iphone 11 pro max. blank screen.
quickbook online plus. it's alright. i hope u can work on the invoice template options to add: * individual discount% column for each input * additional description column * additional customized invoice number top rhs * ability to change currency on the invoice itself * add exchange rate manually
nice app..... doesn't function like the website
brian peterson remodel. great app. wish i could attach pictures to estimates and invoices using my mobile app.
please update to support iphone x. please update to support iphone x
. i love it invoice right on the job
. superb app for accountibility, better than tally
not useful. hard to use. logs out when you switch screens. fields not consistent.
. absolutely phenomenal app. it has been helping me run my small business for the last 3 to 4 years
so simple!. on the go accounting.
. lots of odd problems. invoices dissapering invoices with same number invoice not adding correctly.
would never trade qbs. you guys are incredible, from customer service to product. i've been a customer for years and this app just tops it all off. love the ability to have as much in one. payroll, invoice, file attachment i can go on and on! keep it up!
. amazing accounting software for small business! highly recommend!
great app!. a must for a small business owner!
no recurring transactions. why the hell would you make an app if it can't do any thing but read. i want to edit recurring transactions; edit and send invoices; and see every report. this is absolutely stupid, just sign in from a browser.
small business owner. absolutely awful. i was forced to switch to online because of a fatal error of the desktop version on mac seirra. there are so many bugs and things that aren't available on online that were on the desktop. i literally call support for 2hrs a day.
not overly user friendly. no payroll on mobile, ipad or online site via ipad which is very disappointing and not at all helpful in onsite situations. update to include payroll in these instances would be great but fairly useful tool otherwise
awesome app. this is a brilliant app. i have all my invoices and expenses at my fingertips. very easy to use and synchs perfectly with qbo on my mac. keeps me on track with daily reminders of overdue invoices. no one gets away with not paying me now.
doesn’t work with ios 13. keeps knocking me out.
great but needs some updates. just recently i am unable to log in to my company. i can get on to my online account, but not on the app?? says my email and password isn’t found?
unable to access quickbooks through ipad. everytime time i try to access the quickbooks it says i need to verify first my login which can be verified by sending an email. when i choose this option it says the time has ran out and goes back to the login menu. i am able to get in through the web but never in the app
awesome app. as a small business owner i'm constantly on the go. this app is amazing. with very little effort i can quickly add a new client create an invoice and get paid how i want.
quickbooksjoist sync. none of this is working at all. for a company that does bookkeeping it’s ironic that i’ve been charged twice in less than thirty days for a trial period!! none of my invoices are synced, estinates are counted as revenue and quikboojs is stating my 90 day old business has 1000 net profit!! not even remotely possible! this is incredibly frustrating and so i have to work on this on my only day to rest. ridiculous!! do not use this app
. just awful. i never know if or when it will work properly. i've uninstalled and reinstalled, tried with and without wifi, this app has cost me a lot in time and money. i never know what it will screw up next and support has never once been helpful in solving issues
. extremely limited functionality. disappointing that intuit doesn't wake up to the extended needs of the new mobile app world. despite their efforts, feels like they can't shake the qb desktop mentality.
perfect for small businesses!. i have a growing cleaning company and thus app is perfect for me!
great cloud based platform with all the features i need.. qb online is a phenomenal cloud based accounting platform (when using apple products). quick easy invoicing, banking, payroll, and report generation for the business owner on the go. seamless integration from mobile device to desktop with realtime updates and editing across all users. this platform slow me to run my $1.5 mil small business from my bed, boat, camper...virtually anywhere i have cellular signal. it allows me to be as mobile as i wish.
. using a samsung note edge: cannot update estimates at all. been using this app for months and it constantly locks up and crashes.
terrible app. absolutely terrible, even harder to cancel, don’t buy
. great app. no problems
. not worth the cost but it does track expenses.
work as expected. good apps
. a joke, support can't resolve any issues
few options for a businesses. quickbooks does it right but there are still many options missing. consignment sales for example. being the consignor or consignee
formidable. l’arrivée de quickbooks en france a été une grande joie. enfin un logiciel tout en un, facile d’utilisation et efficace.
. easy to enter my expenses
i like it but am confused. the app works very well, but i am confused how to change a quote from pending to approved. when i click on edit the option does not come up
not great. there are multiple problems wrong with this program. you can't bill a customer when you attach a receipt which means i constantly have to switch between devices. my expenses according to the customer are incorrect. i'd like to see my estimateinvoice minus my expenses per job. the only reason i switched to this program from freshbooks, which is way less expensive and more user friendly is because quickbooks has a balance sheet, which our accountant required.
to glitchy. way to many glitches but worst of all it is supposed to be exactly the same on the deferent computers and some times the same invoices show up on one computer and not on my i pad and only sometimes on my i phone 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
accurate name. this app does everything the name implies. i can do my bookkeeping myself and get everything done really...quick!
un most para las empresas. la mejor app y software para llevar la contabilidad de tu empresa. sencillo y en línea! te calcula todo limpio y sin problemas
now 5 stars. love it! have to have it! it made my life so much easier.
. the app is really handy when adding expenses. easy to navigate.
buggy and still no way to easily back up data. this is a buggy app that needs to be closed and restarted often, even though it’s the most expensive app on my phone. believe it or not in order to back up your data you need a windows 7 computer with (out of date and insecure) internet explorer 11 or earlier. come on guys, fix this app!
rip off. installed as companion to desktop. feature guide limited to decide which online version to choose. chose simple version since my needs are simple... no, wrong version, could i upgrade, no... support desk said i’d then lose the introductory half price... changed version... losing £6... chose next tier up for billing, £9 per month... no, wrong version again... so i’ve lost £15 and now need to upgrade to the plus version... beware folks, money grabbing machine.
this might be 5 stars. the only thing... only thing!!! using square through the app .. or somehow sync invoices so they reflect in qb. if there is a way to do that then this is 5 stars!!
best app ever. just wanted to thank the development team for helping me to manage my business easier with this app.
never has worked on my s7 edge. i loved this app when it worked with my htc. since i switched to this phone, it keeps giving me an error message and despite talking with support multiple times, nothing has been done to resolve this. i have uninstalled and reinstalled the app multiple times and it has not resolved the problem. i have seen similar issues reported with this phone.
it's ok. for a big name like quickbooks it should have a lot more features. my old cheap invoicing app worked much better. can't just open a list of all open invoices witch is stupid. only let's you see open invoices and then if it's over due you have to click on the over due link to see all the overdue ones
great app  use it every day!. no complaints. it's very helpful.
release ios 13 update now. i pay way too much money, and it’s going up in october, for you not to have an update day one ios 13 is released. you guys are always behind with the bugs. i cant even click on a customer, save an invoice, send an email etc. give me what i’m paying for.
. the app is great
. enjoying the ease of use. good app!
topbooks. superb software, tried the rest and settled for the best. highly recommended.
quickbooks makes it easy. quickbooks is one of the biggest reasons my company has hit tremendous growth. online invoices and payments makes my job literally a thousand times easier.
outstanding accounting software. perfect for sme's. enter bills and invoices on the go including taking photos of your receipts and signatures for invoices. absolutely outstanding accounts package, i couldn't recommend it more, well done intuit!
crashes a lot. generally works okay, but crashes a lot on a 256gb ipad pro. you have to continually save your work to keep from losing everything every few minutes.
still can't create po's through app. i use quickbooks for 2 things mainly. to create estimatesinvoices and send pos once the invoice has been paid. i can't create po's with the app so it's useless. i have to go to the website every time i want to create a po. it makes no sense that they would leave this feature out.
. this mobile app now wont update banking. which is no good for a mobile business without running laptops.
payroll. it is worthless for me. uninstalled it as soon as it was installed. can't do payroll.
. quickbooks online has been great, downloaded this app to make life quicker when not in the office. however, for expenses i have found it unusable as the same payment methods i am using online are not available on the app and therefore it messes up the consistency of my transactions. very disappointed as had high hopes, have yet to test the differences whilst invoicing.
. used to work perfect ever since update it's very unreliable. can't log into app reliably. it often locks me out right when i'm standing in a customer's house trying to invoice them or locks me out when i need to go through my client list for a phone number etc. i suggest you consider competitors software until the app becomes stable again.
latest update is garbage. update: 1620 still a garbage app even after multiple emails back and forth with quickbooks development team and now it’s been weeks since i heard from them the app still don’t work even after new updates app has been great up until 3 weeks ago now it no longer works! crashes every time i try to open the app.
great app. i have been using it and it is good. though i wish more features were added for suppliers.
very happy with app. the app is very good, and provides a lot of useful information that can be sent anytime, anywhere.
not working on ios 13 :(. it crashes right after opening. i tried uninstalling and reinstalling, but have had no luck...
. dashboard does not load. completely useless at this point. cannot invoice, add expenses or write sales receipts.
. can't attach pdf to invoice (only jpeg) on pc we can attach pdf.
. just unistalled and reinstalled the app hopefully it is going to work. after doing over 70 invoices it stopped working dashboard showed blank 😕
ok... like seriously. i’ve used this app for 2019 mileage and expense tracking. but every week i have to reconnect my bank account. like every single week! why?? i don’t have time to do that. fix this! or i’ll be forced to find a better working service!
be careful. i resynced my bank feeds and two years of transactions got deleted. i spent an hour on the phone and was told they couldn't fix it...
great app. app is great and worked well with my iphone x but just updated to iphone 11 pro mac and app will not open crashes and closes every time please fix
. it does everything i need it to, customer service is really helpful when you're learning how to use it, and the convenience of accessing your books anywhere anytime is exactly what a busy person needs.
great. great app i use it everyday, makes invoices a breeze and makes it easier at the end of the year for tax purposes.
". error message that cannot be fix ""cannot add this invoice, if error continues, please contact support"" that cannot be fix from quickbooks my android app been like this close to 1 month cannot create invoices estimates so on my business suffer cause of that, have use regular computer to create what was said. not good for business all subscriptions are active."
so easy. thank fou for this easy and convenient app to keep our business streamlined!
great app. love this app
very beneficial app. this is a very beneficial app. it does not replace the pc version but is an excellent aid. it's helpful to send invoices on the go or at the end of a service call. the sooner the customer gets invoice the more chance i have of getting paid. it is a very good aid!
. magnificent app
. great program to use. super simple to learn. has everything you need to run a small business.
love it for our small businesses. love using quickbooks for both our small businesses! makes collecting our invoices and communicating with our customers super easy!
excellent app.
game changer. changed the way i handle my business transactions. from a simple to complex my invoices and estimates are presentable, traceable and accounted for. my reports help me secure loans in a flash. and my accountant loves me.
nifty. the app won't do everything the website does, but it's a handy tool for when you're out and about.
love this app!!. i love how easy to use this app is but my only problem is that i can't sync it with my company's ocbc account and my shopify's store's inventory.
. great app!
they screwed up logging in with pin. i used to have to type my full password in only every few days. now it's several times a day. why even have the option to use a pin if it only works a couple times. i contacted them through the app but got no response.
time saver. saves time to be able to categorize expenses from my phone.
login error. upgraded to an s7 and cannot login. i need the mobile app for my business!
. very good, i am on trial not sure how much full experience will cost, i'll update when i can
. i use this app for 2 separate businesses. is very easy to use and track all of my finances.
. overall a great app. wish quoted were an option on the dashboard rather than accessing them from invoices then customers.
i can no longer log in. everytime i enter user name and password and press enterlogin, the password field goes blank and i get a message saying login failed.
. this was almost my solution to doing invoices on the road. unfortunately, they do not allow pdf attachments when sending an email. i need to send a pdf not jpegs so until this option is added this app is useless for me.
great app. time saver for small business owners
banking. great app just the banking doesn’t always pull over on fist couple tries to load transactions
great bookkeeping app. this is a great app for tracking expenses sending invoices and overall bookkeeping. it is especially great if you are a mobile service and always on the go, easytouse from your phone or tablet or computer!
. the app is not updating on my phone
. desktop on line was great had to upgrade to the new online version ,total nightmare can't fined customer statements or customer credit notes etc. very few reports unfortunately have to use the online version due to the new digital vat rules or would just dump it. online chat is as much good as a chocolate teapot. there must be another accountancy package out there that we can transfer all our quickbooks data to. terrible
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
pretty good 9 months in. really good, can't do pay roll or vat reports on the app but just about everything else. photo receipts for expenses and checking received payments. very useful. f
. best app for bussiness by far!
me. quite useful for quick insight of status of company's books.
. this app loads so unbelievably slowly and hangs all the time. it also has different data from the web version in the p&l reports along with not being able to categorize expenses into some chart of accounts however works fine in the web page version.
came in clutch. needed to organize and file taxes and p&l reports. quickbooks self employed and main app really helped do this in record time, fast and efficiently. glad i chose quickbooks!
absolutely wonderful.. very user friendly. no comparison to desktop version.
quick books. this is very easy to use and it's great. with my iphone, ipad and mac, it updates any changes made and works great. thanks it is made invoicing easy
. needs a millage tracker as per your other app. this app has almost everything i need. would be 5 start with that addition
terrible. this software is absolutely horrible. on all platforms.
. great app to keep working on the go.
great app and fair prices. i do all my business through quick books and have had no major problems. the rates on credit transactions are equivalent to any other clearing house and at $30 a month to automate my process is a life saver. great simple to read reports too.
. the best accounting app for beginners
great app. i have numerous clients on this platform and it suits all forms and situations.
simple, just plain works.... easy to set up, use and send invoices, receive payments and figure out the taxes.
excellent. best app to run your business
. error everytime i log in, and requires password so often. edit: the log in is working, but when i try to add an expense it doesn't save, the same button doesn't work
crashes all the time and there’s no way to ask for help.. this app crashes every time i update my iphone, even when i update the app. don’t even bother trying to contact qb about it, they’ll tell you to uninstall and reinstall (like you don’t know) and then that’s about the extent of their support.
doesn’t work with ios13. just updated ios 13 app doesn’t load. even after deleting and readding.
app does not work. i have been unable to see my profits and loss on the app for months now and often the app does not let me log in. i get constant errors. i have spent hours with tech support on the phone all they say is “it’s a known bug”. they have not been able to tell me for months when will the app work again.
quickbooks. excellent software. easy to use both at home and on the go with mobile device.
logs me off all the time. app is constantly requires entering password even with touchid enabled. not sure what the point of touchid is if a password is required
great program.. it's easy to use either in the pc or mobile.
. fairly easy to use however it could be smoother when you enter new transactions instead of having to go all the way back to the drop down menu.
bugs. there are alot of bugs in the app. i am about to go back to square. the app keep giving alot of errors.
terrible billing system. i had an email offer for 75% off, tried to get it on my desktop. ended up subscribing for $10mth only to find out it closed my trial account, created a new account, now i have to cancel,subscribe on the ipad for $25mth and my data is not updating now....run away from this fast....
love this app!. easy to use on the go!
awesome app. quick books is really an awesome app. links up to accounts quickbooks payments. i can access from all my devices. it’s really versatile. you can make great estimates as well. emailed invoices and estimates look very professional.
makes business easy!. this app is perfect for the small business owner like me.
can’t record invoice payments. i upgraded my phone from an iphone 8 plus to an xr running ios 13. i installed the quickbooks app from the apple store. when i try to record invoice payments, i get the following error: qbm.error.00001160.reason.iphone i have not found any articles about this error online.
quickbooks online w app. i have totally enjoyed using this product. they have actually improved through several years of my usage. keep it up and, please keep the price down!
chris. love it!! great setup! easy. just love it!!
not useful at all. this app was written by someone who does not understand quickbooks and its purpose. get back to basics please if this is to be used by us.
the app was a wast of memory on my phone. and the generic responses to past posts make it worse. sorry, your app is giving you a bad rep..
four leaf hvac. love the app. makes my life a lot easier.
graham. great app very easy to use for a mobile business. just need mobile wifi.
app shows incorrect transactions. transactions do not match the selected vendor. works when you have few transactions. once you pass 20k it becomes slow and inaccurate.
. quickbooks has created a great business accounting and billing app.
. was using quick books online on laptop and it was fantastic, now since have to be on the move, am using on my android phone to generate invoices and it amazing experience, just dont need laptop anymore. great stuff. recommend to all smes
. i don't usually write reviews, i always dread using the app. i have a lot of receipt that i need to add to expenses. it's a big effort to find the right transaction and add the receipt. it's painful to juggle between banking transaction and expenses. if usability of the app doesn't improve it's enough for me to pay extra and move to xero.
great & uptodate!. this is a great little app to give you access into the back end of your quickbooks online account. great for doing simple invoicing and adding expenses. i still use the desktop browser for more complicated reports and such. well done and intuit keeps the app up to date thank you!
recent update. worked great until most recent update. can't create new invoices now. when you save it says it's saving but then just stops.
. worst app ever. at best there is a 30 second lag when opening the app, at worst it freezes my phone up and i have to restart the whole phone. the app doesn't display most of my customer transactions. awful, ill be finding a new cloud based accounting service.
. great app
discontinued...... of course vie been using this app for over a year now and has been super handy. lately been having issues so i called qb only to be told it's discontinued now. wonderful.
. does every thing i need it to do, and i can do it on my phone. so easy to navigate. wouldn't want to run my business without it.
addicted to billing now!!!. oh my goodness. this app is no joke. love it and i stay up late looking at all it has to offer and new things. i’m glad i got this and the card reader. thanks qb
good app but. it’s a good app but you should be able to mark invoices as paid and deposited via the app. my paid invoices are regularly, incorrectly shown as unpaid. i have to wait until i have time to go on my laptop and mark them as paid via the website
. your app cannot use in india.
too much and too little.. the various plans either offer too many bells and whistles or not enough basic functions for a small company. tons of redundant functions, and glitches are rampant. and quite frankly, except for the 12 year beginning subscriptions, the plan prices are overly expensive. cannot recommend this programapp at all.
questionable developers and qa. don’t bother with this app. more time updating this weekly with version changes and bug fixes... jokers
. i use quickbooks online with a scheduling program that is synced together. i am a one man company but you could never tell. thanks to quickbooks. l also have increased profits
this app needs updated. this version won't work :(. not working reloaded app no go. :(
completely useless. i have no idea how this app has a 4.7. you cant even edit transactions within this app. the worst part is that the website is completely broken on an ipad pro. together this makes quick books online completely unusable without a laptop. absolute garbage.
nice app but i’d like to access the inventory. when you are out and making an invoice it is very important to be able to check the inventory
the best app thus far.. i use this for my business and it was a blessing in disguise. thanks qb for helping me organize my books.. even my accountant was impressed.
. very useful
. an absolute must for small business.. and seek advice from tech support before assuming. functionality isn't there. ive had no problems... gives me confidence in my books
quick books online. ease of bookkeeping entries at home or on the go  i thereby circumvent hiring to data entry
ios 13 and later app crashes. the app works well prior to ios 13.0 when opened in an iphone running ios 13 later, the app crashes after faceid login.
great for start up. the app works great! i can do nearly all of my bookkeeping from my phone. if i need more detailed i just use my laptop! the monthly subscription is nice too!
excelente app. intuit ha hecho un excelente trabajo de poner a la mano literalmente los libros de contabilidad de la práctica y de los clientes. totalmente funcional y fácil de usar.
doesn’t mirror quickbooks online. it’s good for looking up customer info like what they owe or phone numbers. if you create an invoice online you may not be able to edit it on the phone. and if you use quickbooks for time tracking the feature doesn’t seem to be in the cards for the mobile app.
electrical contractor. we really like this app and all its features. it’s fairly easy. i gave it 4 stars only because it is missing one important feature and that’s appointments. it would be one less app i have to download into my tablet and computer. it’s just a suggestion that would be so convenient all in one( hint hint).
major flaw  can’t add receipts to expenses. no dropbox or photo option. they advertise this system as super easy and convenient. you can’t add receipts from photos or dropbox. that makes the ‘add attachment ‘ pretty much pointless. i take a picture of an expense receipt but 0 way of adding it ... seriously. who designed this app.???
great app!. just need the ability to take a photo of a receipt and upload it and then it'll be 5 stars (i understand this is something that the online application is lacking as well)
. what a joke......the sales team are so rude....software is actually pretty good but the attitude of the staff in th sales team have completely put me off using this! i will now be looking elsewhere (fresh books etc).....
. no1 app
. good app. always improving.
. had difficulty with seeing my total mileage, but was guided by a rep.
rubbish with ipad. awful user experience working on ipad. and no consistency with menu options when using mobile and web app. it’s like using 2 different applications.
still waiting for receipt feature to work. i have made multiple inquiries about the receipt expense feature not working and they haven't even responded let alone fixed the issue. this has been happening for over a year.
slow to respond from time to time .. the app is sometimes slow to respond.
. really nice
needs a lot of work. very disappointing they removed card payment facility, only reason i went with quickbooks over xero. also don't try and do anything within app or your accounts will get into a right mess (things like match a payment or transfer) you will end up with duplicate transactions that can only be deleted by logging into web client. upsetting the company that all those years ago changed the industry (and took on sage) have failed so badly.
. it takes a working knowledge of what this app is capable of doing to fully grasp how useful it is. i am learning more every time i use it.
it's functional. we should really be able to sign in with our fingerprint. all the other financial apps are up to date. get on it. otherwise all the other features i need to be portable are usable so far.
couldn't do without it. the qb on line version has really simplified our operations. the ability to have multiple users from different locations, especially remote access, has made life easier. either using a laptop or my ipad is great when out of the office. the only thing i've found that the app does not allow me to do is prepare a purchase order. but, there seem to be periodic updates so hopefully this will be coming soon. i would recommend qb to any small business.
great. great app
. extremely easy to use. great app to create and send invoices and accept payments, track business and personal spending... and it's all in one place. plus lots more.
love this app. efficient
. great app that makes accounting easy on the go! it's flexible and terrific for our business!
. great program
won't open. i use this app daily and now it won't open! please fix this!
. functional app that is working for me, customization could be better.
best version yet!!. i run a company with revenues over 2 million dollars annually with qb. i can take care of everything i need from invoicing, estimating and accounts payable to payroll and everything in between. the app adds even more flexibility by not requiring my laptop or tablet to create these. the reports and reconciliations are second to none.
excellent. i love the immediate accessibility of our business's financial position. no need for me to meet with the bookkeeper and accountant nearly as often. i haven't had any issues with the app.
great service. i enjoy each platform they offer for me, computer and iphone. only issue is they hiked up the annual price without notice. still affordable but i was expecting the same price i originally paid.
great app. far easier to use than desktop quickbooks. great software
a & e blue dreams inc.. excellent app. i like it....
. i love the simple features on the app.
great to app to have. loving the app. i would give it 5 stars if it was able to function the same or close to the online version.
customer files. sometimes all the estimates and invoices don’t show up in the customers file when i go into it on the app.
ios 13 problems. quickbooks is normally pretty good, the online version is fantastic. unfortunately the app no longer works on ios13, i will come back once the app has been updated and revise my review.
qbooks is a entrepreneur's dream. i've been doing bussines as general contractor the last 20 yrs, always i tried to find a software where i can handle all my administrative information at all (invoicing, payroll, expenses) with this apps you can get everything at your fingers reach, so you can control all money inout. it's a world marvel!
. they said in your invoice that you can cancel anytime and it's not true! it has a glitch and i couldn't cancel it. make me lost two days trying to cancel it and then even charge me the month and did not give back my money. they went from 17 dollars a month to 40 dollars per month! don't never quickbooks
a poor mobile companion to qbo. there are so many things wrong with this app. for example, expenses have a note field that doesn't show notes entered in qbo (web). the length of the expense category field is so short that i can't distinguish among categories, especially nested ones. the app generally lacks the functionality it would need to make it a truly useful companion to qbo.
worst ever app. i have no idea why is this app on app store. the moment i sign in it says your session is expired and you need it sign in again. thats the only vicious circle of time wastage is what this app has to offer its customer. worst experience ever
. since i have gotten this app it's made my life a whole lot better .
. i run all aspects of my life from church to finance from the app
. love the mileage and receipt feature.
very handy little app. as said in other reviews it is a little different from the computer version but it is such an easy way for me to do my invoices on the go! it's all set to go and it tracks all of my invoices and sends me reminds of unpaid one too! great little helper!
. always displays an error when trying to connect to bank for transactions
. app looks great.
awesome app. i really like this app, i can track all my incomes and expenses, it shows my net profit and everything else i could possibly need. i really enjoy using this app.
great program. i love the program and still give it 5 stars nonlinear issue is i can’t run credit cards on the ipad version. wish it worked.
. improving with each update!
. good app very nice and handy
not bad, not amazing. it's quick books. the app gives you access to some information, but not everything.
great for attaching receipts, not for entering expenses. i love being able to take photos of invoices and receipts and directly attach them to the expense. however, i am unable to add expenses because the app does not have access to my accounts or categories. if there was even a save as a draft option, i would give this a 55. however, i am not able to save any input if i can’t add the account or categories.
app doesn’t open. app doesn’t open on the new iphone pro
awesome. i couldn't run my small business like a big business without quickbooks! just that awesome and simple!
access. this app is great. it is so nice to be out in the field looking at a project and make an estimate right then and there while things are fresh in your mind. not to mention for the quick service call we are able to make our invoice right there and present it when we are complete with the work. aloha po'okela lawn service kailua, hawaii
. limited functionality compared to the app that is made for the iphone
hard to navigate. hard to navigate
exactly what i need. amazing app and way simple to use!
google auth broken. can’t login to my account using google auth.
i can use my phone and ipad!. had the desktop version for years and loved it! always updated every couple of years and learned the new changes. then went to online version, little less features but was more mobile. now i have it at the office, or anywhere! some features are still a work in progress  like receiving payments, but this quickbooks team has been developing and updating since the beginning. great accounting software!
very handy app. so far like this app. i need not go to my computer for bookkeeping or to see what’s going on with accounting. only i am not happy about general entries. earlier, i was able to open and see general entries. now app doesn’t open general entry. when i tried to open, it took me back to homescreen.
. great app
. setup is easy. can't imagine running my business without it. accessible from mobile, desktop and tablet from anywhere. all of my accounts appear seamlessly in qb. started with enterprise edition and switched to online edition. more in tune with my needs. highly recommended it for business operations. shows reports in real time.
business at a glance. for the detailed stuff, i like to stick to the desktop version, but for quickly seeing the status of invoices  profit and loss, the mobile app is great.
. great app! i use this to manage my small business information.
really good !. used a different invoicing program for years but would not sync with quickbooks. so i went over to the best and figuring it out. quickbooks online has made it easy to work through. good job developers !! been 8 months now and have to say quickbooks online has been excellent ! not too hard to learn and very easy for my customers. a winwin
. i have seen personal budgeting apps that have better user experience than this. here just some of the glaring issues:  it forces you to relogin alot, and it does not support google signin, which means you have to retype a complex password every single time  you could use pin login from settings, but it is useless..  it forces pin code reentry everytime you use the camera or switch to another app.
so easy to go work with!!!. as a new business owner this app makes the process of dealing with the administrative side of it easy and convenient!
good mobile app.. good app. unfortunately it won't allow you to look up customers by address.
welshman. love it. simple for me to send estimates & invoices from the field.
time entry. i would really use this app if time entry was part of it. that would be something i could really use on the road.
. slow, laggy and pretty featureless
few useful features for me. most of the main features i need aren’t in the app. lots of features i never use are in the app. no bill payment, no upcoming bills showing up in checking register like it does on mine. no credit memos.
efficient. this app makes my life easier. has all the features i need to keep my business running smoothly.
super easy. great app and accounts program  easy to use after a small amount of training. so far i haven’t come across any of those annoying bugs you get in other accounts apps
what a waste. after trying for over an hour to get pass login , it tells me that i don’t have any services. wasted my time. i’ll just use the android version.
. great software. i think very soon, it will change the way people maintain books
awesome app.. make business on the run fast secure and simple. thanks quickbooks
convenient app for my accounting on the go. love the user friendly interface and convenience of upkeeping my accounts anytime anywhere
very disappointing. they frequently change the interface and items move or get hidden. e.g. customers formerly in the dashboard hidden in sales. frequently i quick on a document on a list and the wrong one opens. lists open in various formats for unknown reasons. my favorite lines of invoices disappear when i switch browser tabs to get more order information. hard to believe quickbooks has such a good reputation.
19.11.2 awful update. first thing i noticed was there is no search bar for customers, so i have to scroll through thousands of customers to find the one i’m looking for. secondly, i had hoped that we’d be able to view estimates and invoices in landscape mode to see them better, nope. then, when i tried to navigate back to the main customer list, there’s no back button! this version was nowhere near ready to be released.
. best app ive ever purchased
. not free at all.. they take your valuable information such as email and phone numbers.. then say its 30 days trial.. you will have to pay to get this apps.. many of good free accounting apps are available in play store..
easy to use. i have been using qb for almost 3 years now and have had nothing but good things to say about the service provided. the support has been great anytime i needed it, they were johnny on the spot. i would highly recommend this to any small business that wants to take the stress out of bookkeeping.
. great app
. maybe it's my phone but the app runs incredible slow!
easy to use. overall i like this. having a quick option while on the go is great.
great app. just started to use. easy to navigate. have had no issues.
robust and easy to use. i'm really enjoying this app so far! i can't wait to dig into it further.
inconsistent. ipad app is missing enter bills. doesn’t match screen layout of online.
great app. this is exactly what i need to manage my small business. it also keeps my accounting bills smaller.
ios13. can you fix the app?
"yay...it's working again!!. qbs has been quite efficient and easy to use! i appreciate like the constant improvements!! however, note to developer...i wish this app gave ""real time"" remindsnotices of when to bill a client based on days, just to make it more customized???!? maybe add a calendar with an to synchronize with the personalipad calendars??? i down know, i just find myself calculating day for my customized client each time, instead of just getting a notification. thank, still love this app!!!"
. really need to be able to create a purchase order using the app
. great software. so easy to use and very reliable.
pretty good. love that i can enter payments wherever i am. don't love that i can't easily see my account transactions.
sorely disappointed. intuit made good products maybe even great products at one time. now their cloud offerings a just released with out any concern for features and bugs. disappointed. somebody has gotten to big to care about their customers.
unable to login via iphoneipad. every time i try and login from my iphone or ipad it tells me no account associated with the given information. but when i login via a web browser with the exact same information i have no problem. basically defeating the purpose of the app. fix asap please
love quickbooks. this is the best accounting software there is. quickbooks makes my life so much easier and running my business is so much smoother with the available accounting options!
"intuit  ""design for delight"" _experience. awesome ! cheers . team foodtropis™ (disrupting food consumption , globally )"
. the cloud accounting system that actually is intuitive and has good app!
. difficult to use. much different than the desktop version. i only use it if i am desperate. cant even find existing transactions or quotes .
"can't add unit with quality and rate in invoice. online version does not allow customisation of fields. invoice doesn't show ""unit"" with quantity and rate as a result invoice are unusable in real world. hope developer address these issue at priority before we users move to other applications."
. easy to use app. does basic invoicing like it should. i wish i could get more detail for my costs with the online version like i can with the desktop version.
superb!!!. this is a great app for keeping up to date with accounts. links to my bank accounts and intelligently matches transactions and remembers previous matches and entries. certainly deserves the name quickbooks based on how quickly i can enter my bank transactions. great for multiuser access and very easy to set up. overall this is much better than i expected.
great. i love this app. it does what i need.
great app!!!. this is a great app for my small business. i can make and send out invoices from my phone. which is great!!
. good app at new start...
don't do it. can't bill a portion of a estimate have to bill it all at once! it will not let you see your job costs per estimate! this is a huge deal i can't believe they haven't fixed this yet. come on qb add another freaken column already! tones of other stuff on the accounting side that i don't know about is missing as well!
. just to clarify, if you are based in the eu and therefore required to comply with gdpr, you need to know that your data is stored in the usa. the software if very good, but this is a huge security issue that they refuse to answer clearly
multiple selection?. hey is it possible to do multiple when using this app on iphone like it’s possible when using my ipad. if not can you make it possible.
keeps getting more user friendly!. the new video tutorials make it easy to learn. the portability of switching between the mobile app and the desktop version online is a priceless feature, thanks for all of your hard work!
love it. i love the quickbooks program because all of my employees can log into the program from different locations at the same time.
"gary. customers complain that they cannot see your company's remittance address and are confused by the presence of a ""pay now"" button which doesn't work unless your company subscribes to additional services and fees."
quickbooks online for the ipad. it works great!! anywhere at anytime. create your customers, create the estimate and then bill it out!! if your smart you will setup the direct payment to your bank account too!!
. love doing invoices and estimates right on the phone
doesn’t work on ios 13. so many bugs:  can’t send reminders  can’t modify invoices ( reaching invoice number limit?)  can’t send invoices( email is too long? )
. doesn't give the full qbo experience, if it is it's not the same ui
great app. convenient, reliable. constantly being improved. keep up the good work!
. good app, simple and yet very decent would give 5 stars but the hardware android menu button doesn't do anything. set it to open that side bar, also it needs a speed increase. sometimes it takes over 40 seconds to update. otherwise great app, easy to use. eagerly await updates to this.
partial functionality. every time i need to produce or view an invoice qb says i need to use web version because of register items that cannot be viewed. so basically ios version is not productive.
huge asset for small business. love the flexibility this app provides. i can do everything from the app that i can do from the desktop although it takes twice as long. however, as a small business owner being the accountant and the laborer it is great having the ability to pull up invoices with clients and email invoices on the go.
67 week refund policy!!!. was accidentally charged over $30 for a payroll service i never signed up for...i am the only person employed in my business. contacted customer service and was told i would be refunded within 5 to 7 business days. 2 weeks go by and i had not received the refund so i called customer service and was told it could take up to 6 to 7 weeks to receive my refund!! i am strongly considering canceling my membership with them!!!
managing partner at green mesa capital, llc. a very useful app. i can do everything i want through this app. in addition, the app has features the browser does not have, like the expense receipt capture.
app doesn't connect on ios 9. ever since ios upgrade 9.3 and quickbooks mobile app doesn't sign in, always says check internet connection. it's a bug in the app and they know it, we contacted support to fix it and they said they are working on it and will have a solution by end of may. this problem has been on for more than 4 weeks with no solution. poor app with poor support. not recommended at all.
. app crashes a lot. several times after updates are made to the app it will crash after i have to sign in again. now it just crashes after i try to sign in.
. issue with app was directed in app to call quickbooks online customer service. no solution after being on the phone for 2 hours, they ended up calling android and at&t to try and fix the issue, which made absolutely no sense to me and got us nowhere. customer service has no clue about anything app related including when the password reset does not send verification code. i ended up having a different company to resolve the issue for me. below instructions solved nothing.
great app. i don't understand what some people are complaining about it. this app works great. thank you
easy to use. i love my quickbooks app. this is the first year my taxes will be done on time because i didn't have to spend hours at desk!
i like it. i have enjoyed using this app for the last year. i am blind and it is 99% accessible with my screen reader, voiceover. i only want to report one error. the last update causes the app to crash when trying to edit an expense entry my accountant manages my quickbooks online account, however, when i find an incorrect category has been applied, i cannot fix it. the app crashes when i attempt
quickbooks online. this app has been very helpful for me a small business owner. however the new update has been very frustrating for me as it automatically signs you out and the home page shows your gross income. i wish there was a way to make it private.
makes life easier. does everything i need! only 1 suggest...i want to sort quotes by date created...
brilliant mobile app. it has changed my life . i am able to do quotes in the run and save so much valuable time .
no security with ios 13.0 update.. nice to have the app working again .. too bad it opens without the required password. shoddy update.
way too slow. and reports are very limited. not ready for prime time.
major issues.. i am a plumbing contractor and mobility is so important. currently i have multiple estimates for the same customer. it would be great if i could search for an estimate by a job name or a po. right now if i want to look up a specific estimate i have to open and check every single one in hopes i find the right quote. need a better reference system to look up estimates and invoices.
poor experience. the app is extremely buggy, unstable, and very slow. logging into the app is unpredictable and i'm randomly logged out. entering receipts is quite painful to say the least, and is impossible without a decent internet connection.
the app used to work?. why do companies change apps from functional to crash is beyond me?
. well app
qb app. this app worked fine but up until this recent update there are a few glitches and it shuts down in the middle of updating and invoice!
taking our business to a new level. we have been so happy since we switched to quickbooks online plus! it has allowed us to streamline our invoicing and bookkeeping. our clients love how easy it is to pay invoices online. we love knowing we've received payment for each cleaning performed! qb customer service is excellent.
power in your pocket. to have the power to take a picture of your receipts should be enough reason to own this app.
great app for qb online. when i need an invoice sent out and i'm away from my pc, qb solved the inconvenience with this app. one thing i can't find is how to change the figure slide login.
disaster. was forced to use qb online due to always changing fees for desktop version. always crashes. hard to use. terrible. wish i could use another program.
it's ok. useful app.. i can't figure out how to open the other companies that i can access on the desktop.
keep logging me out. after the update the application keeps logging me out every single time please fix that, used to do it with the previous update before this last one, you guys fixed it, but with this new update is doing it again
horrible. it’s true the only reason i will install qb on my phone is to record expense on the fly,and it doesn’t do it
user friendly. easy to use!
easy to use and great for tracking transactions. navigation is straightforward and the software updates quickly
easy to learn and use. everywhere access, integrated bank and credit card transactions. easy to create transactions on the road.
awesome. great app for the ipad. i hate complicated software a to tract my work. this ones the most user friendly app i've come across. great recommendation. 5*****'s
. this programapp has paralyzed me from carrying out business transactions and estimations due to a failure in the app being able to sync my data for 3 days now, customer support is next to nothing when day after day they told me i will receive an email once the issue is resolved. i am losing money and this does not seem to be a priority for quickbooks.
saves me 250month on payroll.. i can now run my corporation from my tablet, without an accountant. invoice on job site while on the clock instead of for free at home away from kids. also it’s 250 bucks a month cheaper for qb to do my payroll compared to my accountant to do quarterly sales tax reporting and weekly payroll for 1 5 employees...
. love this app
this app is harmful. support is useless or you really can’t recover the emails you sending to the clients with your invoice
great way to run a business. the way razorsync and quickbooks works together makes it possible for me to have a life after work! there are a few more things that would make life easier but overall a big thumbs up!
. so easy to use i love the mobile app!
. good ... getting better i hope that intuit continues to realize that mobile computing is tyebway of the future and thus, they continue to invest in this app.
loving the app.. using qb since last 14 years and smart app. lovely.
. great app for small business works wonders for me
awesome. such a great package. it made my life so easy with the phone app that i can raise invoices and quotes on the go. it also makes your business look heaps bigger and professional by having proper invoicing that allows taking signature on quotes too. loving it.
great app!. very userfriendly and convenient. great for people who are needing to create invoices and estimates and track expenses. the iphone app is fantastic!
. lo ove it. load expenses with receipt easily
. need user mode in apps
. great app
. works great but would like the inventory to link with square to make it even better.
. quickbooks has saved me so much time
. umhhh love it yar
. makes things sooo much easier and frees up time! no more sitting in front of a computer all day a couple times a month doing data entrybook keeping. very user friendly app and program. only thing i have to log on to do is mark and sort deposits on the sales end.
. i love the app for onsite estimating and invoicing where ever. a few issues is not fully customizing forms and progress invoicing.
. good accounting sofware, horrible on intuitively usage. just try and make an estimate or invoice online with an android tablet or phone and you will experience what i am talking about, it is very lacking the ease of usage, also lacking on choices when you select services, clients, and want to make a quarry forget about it! for accounting it works but, to simple for customer management.
ios 9 broke it. ios 9 broke the app and now every time it's trying to download company data just crashes. uninstalled and reinstalled. also wish you could accept transactions on this.
qb makes me look good. qb app is fantastic. i can write and present an estimate right at the job site or give my customer an invoice, or accept payment. in brief....it makes me look good!
. half the time things don't work and some people can't pay their invoices. keeps loading the page. looking for a better payment processing company. i pay over $4900 yearly for fees and $12 monthly. just not worth it.
. nice app
. simple operation and easy to prepare work
app is not functional. the app is keep crushing on iphone xs max every time you i want to create new invoice. billion dollar company but cannot fix bugs for a few months already, its embarrassing.
. very handy for a lanscaper on the go. now i can email invoices as soon as we are finished right from my smartphone, wether i'm standing next to the customer or in the truck. makes my life easier
fantastic app!. i can perform easily 90% of our quickbooks administrative work on the app version. this allows our business to save time and money! way to go guys!
bookkeeping on the go. i own a small tax and accounting firm and this app has done wonders for customer service! being able to give my clients real time information from anywhere at anytime is a huge plus!
useless. unless i am missing something i find this app absolutely useless. it does not show all of my accounts, so i can't see the account balances. supplier balances also don't show, if i need to play a supplier. it still needs a lot of work, so i will stick with using my macbook until then. it's actually not even worth using.
. game changer. invoicing and tracking expenses just got so easy. it's amazing, and i am only sad i didn't know about it sooner!
. updated app and its crashed. keeps telling me an update is available, click ok and google play just says open ?? i've literally just bought a subscription and already in the bit of free time i have, i cant even set the app up ??
. awesome app makes invoicing and tracking payments easy
user friendly  no need for anything else. this is an amazing app to use on all devices with my quickbooks online package. managing all aspects of my business from wherever i need it. highly recommended.
logs me off all the time. every single day this app automatically logs me out, displays a message that there’s been a critical update, and that i need to log in again. even worse it requires you to actually enter the password rather than allowing face id authentication.
boost to my business image with my ipad!. i went from handwriting every estimate, sales receipt and invoice to bringing in new paperless technology. at the end of the day i would have to have my wife input everything in our quick books online. then file everything in our office. it's not only impressive to our clients, but it also eliminates filing and an extra step of data entry, it saves time and money and gives you a competitive edge over your competition!
. simple to use and very powerful if you spend the time setting it up properly
broken app. unusable. app fails to load company data. waited an hour on the phone and never got help. killing my ability to invoice customers while mobile, which is the only reason i chose the online version that i pay for every month! intuit is not intuitive, they're only into your money. zero support. zero answers. zero. the worst.
. makes my job so much easier
. not all the features are in the app. great on the go!
. still learning the ins and outs of the app, but so far i love
. excellent app
love it on the go!. qbo definitely makes life easier when i'm on site with my clients!!
great on the move!. really easy to use, keeps my accounts up to date all the time, so much easier than finding time when i'm back home! clients get invoices instantly and i keep on top of payments and expenses. first class
lagging after update. i just updated the app it is lagging on both my i pads.
fantastic job. intuit made an extremely versatile, and wellrun appprogram with this version
love it. so easy and convenient to use !
. the app was good until the free teial was up. i tried to subscribe but it wouldnt go through.. i uninstalled and reinstalled and lost everything and it still wouldnt work!!!!
amazing app for a small or medium business. very user friendly. don't have to be an account to enter data, app allows you to do everything on the go.
nada funciona , nada de soporte y ningún tutorial. soy economista y sé cómo trabajar con aplicaciones y ordenadores . es una de las peores aplicaciones que conozco y si quiero saber cómo hacerlo no hay tutorías o quia que explica lo que quiero hacer . no la compres
does not show suppliers. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense, which makes mobile app a waste of time
awesome app. awesome app very convenient use it on a daily basis.
queers. geysnlesbians
app constantly glitches and it's very slow. i've had so many issues with this app. lately it has been extremely slow, it randomly shuts down for no reason in the middle of inputting a transaction and it won't load larger invoices. i'm very disappointed as i use this on a daily basis for my business.
sweet business app. fantastic app for running my business when in remote areas or on the go!! no glitches with the app either!
. great app
great way to run a business. the way razorsync and quickbooks works together makes it possible for me to have a life after work! there are a few more things that would make life easier but overall a big thumbs up! one more star for a stronger search engine, can't find invoices by number or customers by address
money grabber. quickbooks will offer subscription service. i paid for it because of the discount and then they didnt allow me to accept payments through their app. you have to assess the profile first before asking for payment.
. after new update app stuck on dashboard. unable to perform work on app. please fix this issue
very mobile. the app is excellent for anyone on the go. easy to upload info from the app. user friendly. tried a few other book keeping apps and found this to be the best by far
. good app, needs to have more functionality, less clicks to use and needs auto log in
great way to keep track of business nunber on the go.. although it's not as good as the pc version it allows you to keep track of expenses as you make them while your away from the business.
invoicing on the go!. the app is a great companion to the online version. allows me to invoice and keep track of billable items on the go. there is so much more it does but for me invoicing right after the job is done gives me freedom to do my office work while having a coffee.
. good app
what's happened?!. usually excellent for uploading expenses it's now decided not to allow the option to add an expense. what's going on? please fix!!
small business. works for our small business, sending invoices is a breeze. just wish it had time sheets to keep track of our employees.
. i absolutely love it so far for my small business. love being able to make invoices on the spot and email them.
. loving it, great app and works great
. always crash on start since a long time. unable to use it on note8. reinstalled many times. please fix it.
app for small busines. fact, this app save me 11 hours a week in paper work period. great for small start up business
. don't waste your time with other apps
. great app and easy to use!
. best account software i've used
quickbooks renew account??. renewed my subscription for a year and i'm still locked out, every time i log in it keeps telling me to subscribe for 1 month i tried to go that way and it asked if i wanted to change my current year subscription? makes no sense.. wish some (tech support or program owner) fixes it i'm about to cancel it all..... wy small business owner
. great with invoices and estimates on the go. and i can see our sales dashboard wherever we go.
. input all your expenses for your taxes and not have to worry about keeping all your receipts
don't believe the hype. this app is practically worthless. all important actions require you to be on the website. i need to be able to invoice, payroll, and do taxes from the app as i am hardly with my computer.
would be better if i could manage payroll on the app. i would love to be able to do up my company’s payroll on the fly if i’m out on a job site or on a business trip. please fix this
. continues to make me turn phone off and on or delete app it does not work.
mobile vs desktop. i see no reason the same features can’t be provided in the mobile app as the desktop interface.
excellent once setup. i run my whole business on quickbooks. it was a little tricky to set up initially but once my bookkeeper had given it the once over, everything was perfect. great stock management system that ties in to the invoices and hooks in with the business bank account. this makes self assessments etc very easy and saves loads of time. very happy :)
. terrible. does not recognize my company credit card as a credit card, add o i couldn't add expense charged to it. doesnt recognize my cash account from my chart of accounts for when i tried to apply a cash receipt. clearly not ready for prime time.
i'm underutilizing this app!!. this app is way more capable than the extant than i'm using it for! the best for of the app is on the ipad. the worst form is on my mbp.
more than annoyed..... new update: 8916, still have to enter my password every time i open the app. touch id or app pin what is that??? 🤔 this is so annoying.... especially in front of customers!! tired of wasting my time. i've deleted and reinstalled the app to no avail. it appears you guys are never going to get it right....
. great app for small business. easy to use and saves me a ton of time doing my accounting. accounts payable and receivable couldn't be easier. i really like the free bank transfer option i can provide my customers in their invoices. taxes are quicker and easier thanever everything is in one place and no more collecting receipts. i highly recommend quickbooks to anyone running a small business.
great app for independent contractors. qb helps me stay on top of my invoices and keeps me organized.
inexplicably no timesheet support in app. the most obviously missing feature is time sheet support. the support team is also quite useless and closes cases without resolving them or providing any assistance.
simply amazing for the newbie!!. as a sole trader, i am so impressed at how simple this product is to use!! it has saved my bacon on a number of occasions!! collating reports at an instant!! not to mention looking professional to my clients every time i send an invoice !! highly recommend this to anyone wanting to commence on the journey of being your own boss!! what a game changer indeed!
good app. very useful app when on the go.
good app. helps me run my business in paperless mode. crashes when i push terms while creating invoice or estimate. please fix this.
. great app
ran into unsupported transactions within 1 minute.. the app is difficult to navigate, bloated and slow, using a ton of wireless data. the app would be much better as multiple singlefunction apps. i mean, do i really need to log in to qb to snap a pic of a receipt and submit it for later? typical quickbooks bad experience. very disappointing.
. i truly love quickbooks although... they could improve on the mobile app as i find that it lags sometimes and takes awhile to open when you click on the app.
quick and simple. simplify your life!
good app for business owners. i think the app does a good job with tracking expenses and billing. as a whole i think there may be better programs out there. do you research before signing up.
. garbage. doesn't even have a spot to track vehicle expenses. in the self employed version you can. but you can't track hst. would be nice to have one option for everything.
excellent interface and convenient app. this app is a life saver and helps me run my small business affairs smoothly. i can submit my invoices and estimates on the go with ease. definitely a must app to have.
terrible billing system. i had an email offer for 75% off, tried to get it on my desktop. ended up subscribing for $10mth only to find out it closed my trial account, created a new account, now i have to cancel,subscribe on the ipad for $25mth and my data is not updating now....run away from this fast....
meh.... looks great, but has so few features that's it's just not that useful.
amazing app!!!. i really enjoy using this app to get my money in order!!
everything i need. the quickbooks app has met every one of my needs for my small handyman business. i love the ability to email customers estimates, invoices, and sales receipts while i am standing there with them. i have only been using the app for a little over a month but i feel good about my decision to go with quickbooks online.
design and functionality is poor. the pin code doesn't work. i have to refresh data most of the time. crashes a few times a week. trying to edit description or client info is a pain.
. this software is extremely easy to use and worth the subscription. i started my business last october and i have no interest in switching. cheers apollo butler c.e.oowner of hornet waste management.
great app for every business. i have only played with this app a little to see what it can do, it is a great app for any service business, it automaticly updates all the records when you make a sell or a purchase. perfect if you are bad about keeping up with paperwork, this app will help u do it all as you go.
"update broke the app. since the update i have to type my password each time i open it after it has been closed for a while. this doesn't work in front of customers. (yes, i enabled touchid. the problem seem to be hitting others and is based on now intuit decided to ""fix"" touchid by breaking it in this version)"
great app. i run a it buisness. have loved using this app. i love being able to do invoices while i'm away from my computer.
paid for subscription but no access. apple says they sent the payment quickbooks says they never received it.... revolving door with neither party willing to help. pay directly through quickbooks if your going to buy.
great app. this is getting better with each update it makes. i you this app everyday to run my practice and it makes it very convenient because i'm constantly on the road and i don't have to sit at my desk just to enter expenses or send invoices to clients.
experience getting worse. entering transaction requires way too many taps. it isn’t location aware to suggest transactions you just always search. recent updates have some bug that makes the app download the data file with almost every login and login often you must. usually twice a week it loses my password. i have enjoyed quickbooks online but this app experience may have me evaluating competitors in december.
. not being free hurts. if this app was free and did not require a subscription to use for us that buy qb pro i would give this app a 45 star rating. this app is not perfect but what really hurts it is the price being 10 dollars a month to use this app.
great app. great app for small businesses
very good mobile app. i use this on my computer and when i noticed that there was an app for android, i immediately installed it on my tablet and phone. a must have if you have a mobile business or have to give invoices on the go.
super functional..extremely helpful. quick books app is fantastic! makes using my phone for invoicing and estimates very easy! recommend to anyone..... no glitches, no hang ups..... you won't be disappointed!
company owner. you can't go in an manage users unless you have a desktop version that's just not acceptable i have an ipad pro cost 3times what my computer cost it better get fixed or i am gone.very disappointed. also customer service can't help either rg
. i love the receipt capture feature.
.. i had to delete the app as it was having many issues. now i can't download it again?
. makes it so easy to invoice and estimate on the go.
great. easy estimate, signing, invoicing process.
still missing a lot.... if i can't manually or automatically integrate my bank account, then that's something huge missing. when you have an idea that is usable worldwide then you make it as easy as possible to use. bottom line: i want to be able to add my bank account manually and see bank transactions on the dashboard since my country's banks are not supported. more so,it takes forever to open
. bad app
crashes w ios 9. app crashes after you enter password. intuit has had 3 months to test on beta. customer service has no idea what ios 9 is.
great app. qb app is great and it's only improving. i can't wait to see how this app will operate in a year.
. won't update....
let me add my voice. this is an excellent program. i can not think of one thing i don't like about it... well done quickbooks!
. small business owner. this app is terrible, do not not rely on it. does not work well on android devices, no matter how many times the browser is reset along with strong data connection.
. horrible, did not notify of subscription issue. data entered not commited to database. double charged my credit card. terrible customer service (james refusing a last name or initial from customer care) experience, nothing resolved. no response from error logs. called and even gave control of my computer. never did intuit offer any fix. ongoing issues over 6 months damaging my business.
. awesome app very easy to use. make doing business on the road super easy
best accounting app. easy to understand & learn
. doesn't have my back in its list, so it's useless. i've cancelled my subscription. when i contacted support, they were obsessed with my subscription, rather than the actual issue.
love it!!. makes life easier being able to enter transactions from my phone!
great app!. i love the mobility of the app. it helps me stay on top of my bookkeeping work while i'm on the go. makes managing multiple businesses that much easier!
"app now totally dead, cannot login at all.. can't login anymore, giving a weird ""suspicious activity detected"" error and refuses to login, running android 5.0. works fine on my pc, osx laptops and ios devices. this is a known problem on android. see this https:community.intuit.comquestions1281477cannotloginmobileapp. still can't create purchase orders on android or ios! that's almost a deal breaker for me. i can search for items while creating invoicesestimates in android  but not ios?"
. very easy to navigate through
useless!. who is writing these positive reviews? this app is completely useless. it has none of the functionality of qb online, and neither does the mobile version accessible from a browser. with all of the money we spend monthly on qb products, the lack of useable features on mobile devices is extremely disappointing. can't even get a register balance? ridiculous!
. the self employed app was better at tracking milage this one doesn't even track milage anymore this crashes when i try to add manually it won't let me set the endpoint. won't log me in on fingerprint sometimes, hangs and crashes a lot. overall its no where near as stable as the self employed version.
so far so good.... it is working as advertised. would like to have a bit more color and design to the invoices. not complaining, just suggesting.
movement through fields. i love the app but it takes so much more time than through safari, enter or tab should move through fields looking forward to this fix
intelligent design. it's easy to use in any form either on your computer your phone or your mobile tablet, make your job easier
. it's an amazing app, very helpful and fast responsive
more reports please. i wish i could see more information in reports, even if they have to be precanned reports. i understand the app is more for onthego, but it would be incredibly useful for me.
not quite what i'm looking for. after the invoice2go update disaster, i read a lot of good things about this app. sadly it fell short of expectation as i was unable to change the invoice number, which i would think was a pretty basic requirement. advice on the internet seems to relate to an older version of the app as the information did not relate to what was on the screen. i won't be utilising my free trial, nor will i be subscribing.
. extremely organized and great looking invoice platform. it's an amazing app.
best alternative for mac users. my accountant wouldn't work with the mac version 2013, so he suggested we use quickbooks online. having the ability to manage the business from anywhere, on any mac or idevice, is a game changer!
. very useful, simple, and advantageous over other apps when it comes down to the feasibility and quick access.
. great software. do your bookkeeping from anywhere. covers all the bases. if the customer asks for an invoice, send it to them while you are standing there talking to them. then have them pay right from your smartphone. no more excuses.
rave. i have enjoyed having customer information at my fingertips on this app.
excellent. i been using quickbooks in various versions since 1996. i upgraded to online in 2015. as i am a working at customers premises, sometimes 15 different a day, the instant invoicing using my iphone saves me having to sit at my office at the end of the day invoicing. another great thing about online is to check any outstanding invoices from customers who request unscheduled visits.
. the app worked great before, it had some minor issues here or there but now it is horrible. when i try to add an expense it only shows me 4 of my vendors and the only account i can assign is the cogs account. now i have to save all my receipts and remember to enter them when i get back to the office. what a pain. yes, my desktop app works just fine. please fix the issue, i loved the functionality before.
customer service and functions. you can be completely locked out upon renewal of your subscription. it has locked me out of entering for the last six days. tech support has been pretty useless at fixing it. with all the other flaws the online program has, avoid with every thing you have. you get no back up, high incompatibility, and many accountants hate it. your emailed invoice has a habit of hitting the spam bin,it isn't even compatible with other intuit products. avoid avoid avoid
no gst only take !!!!!. why is this an option the the web based but not the app. makes the app useless!!!!!!!!!
no bills. has great functions except cannot enter billsinvoices from vendors.
. this is a good app for my electrical business
excellent. great mobile app from intuit, quickbooks online is great and although a bit different from the desktop version it has greatly improved the way i work with my clients
the best. buy an ipad. shred up your paper estimatesinvoicing. stop using pens. download this app. holy crap i've been in business 4 years and feel stupid after downloading this. plus u look awesome w an ipad. plus everything's stored forever.
great app!. this app makes it so much easier to manage your quickbooks online account from the road or the office or anywhere!
terrible product and now doesn't even connect. previous reviews are on the money, this app is terribly crippled on ipad and mobile. to make it worse some days, like today i can't even connect to do these limited tasks. intuit please wake up before you get rolled over like blackberry!!!
crashes. the app just crashes as soon as it starts to load. don't waste your time downloading it.
. very easy to operate
signed up with incorrect email... how can i reset password without the right email?. email error
kiss. keep it simple stupid as they say, this app is brilliant, simple, easy to use a great for a small business that just wants everything in one app at their fingertips. well done team.
worst app update. after updating the recently, app is crashing. unable to login
. dont download this update if your using an lg phone... after update unable to sign in... i get thru the sign in screen then it crashes... pos
not industry standard software. this is a clunky, disappointing, entry level piece of work. qb has been available for many years and i cannot believe that, having been recommended to download by our accountant, it feel like it has barely reached beta testing level. a real pity that microsoft money is no longer supported. that’s how to put a piece of software together. i have littleno confidence in the product.
rubbish. will not let me log on just say i don't have an active subscription when i do....
makes life easier!. helps me keep record of everything from invoices, payments customers and expenses. all from my phone
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
"don't download latest version!!. software was great before the latest update. now, no more touchid support, no ability to email invoices. we all remember what apple did with the maps mess, i wonder if intuit will have the testicular fortitude to ""can"" the person who attempted to update the already good software?"
2x features missing from making this 5 stars.... 1: ability to do ‘purchase orders’ in expenses 2: ‘void’ sales invoices
closing. can’t use this app without it crapping out on me. i need this to be reliable for my business and it’s not. unfortunate really. jeff
. very easy to use. the online version is great for keeping updated, and also for multi user function. i always recommend it!
. tells me i have an update but will not give me the option to update and will not let me log on
great app...! (sabre rx). great app, really works well now that the new syc app with square has been released.
great invoicing app. work great for invoicing needs.
. horrendous software. awkward to use, not intuitive. massive outage when i have a ton of work to get done for my client's vat return.
fairly useless. this app is difficult to navigate. it doesn't come close to mimicking qbo for pcs. the functionality is very limited. it's ok for looking up some things but difficult to update info such as logging checks or deposits.
invaluable. i am a mobile mechanic and use quickbooks on my journeys to write invoices, receipts and estimates. i wouldn't be without it
awesome. great program
suits me. so easy to use, perfect for my tiny business. don't need accounting skills the workflow has been designed very well and support is great.
makes business happen!. this powerful app makes my business happen! very easy to make sales on the go and keep track of all my ins and outs. thank you!
signature issues. the app crashes every time i get a signature or it doesn't save the signature. please resolve this issue
great, but can learn from others. just my observations: mobile app should be mostly used to record expenses. it lacks ocr tracing. moreover scanning a receipt is a multistep process. should add forcetouch to add receipt (open in camera). invoices: been searching how to add my banking information. cannot believe quickbooks does not allow for adding banking information to invoices. did i miss something? or is it a hidden feature? not very intuitive (pun intended). otherwise good. like the integration with bank account.
great app!!!!!. great app for your business. really makes things easier and proactive. it also tracks everything
. excellent app can do more on the app on android then on the iphone. works great!!
it’s great. although this program works incredibly well and i’m happy to of used it for the past two years… i would love to do an annual subscription, pay my payment once a year and carryon.
a j rooter. it's an easy program to use makes life a lot less aggravating when you can do your work on the road
editing invoices on the go!. i love it! when life is such a bustle and you need to create an estimate or invoice for customers, quickbooks makes it easy to do.
cool, but need to be able to do more. i hope we can check chart of accounts and other company settings as well from the app
glitchy, incomplete features, and poor data. this app needs serious attention. after years of putting up with this hot mess i’m fed up and rarely use it any more. no matter what i do i can’t get data to load that is any more recent than 2016 for most vendors. no one from tech support replies  ever. american express transactions can’t be synched or approved in the app. about the only thing it’s useful for is matching typical transactions in our checking account.
purchased but won’t work.. i can not contact customer service to save my life!! i purchased this after my trial but it won’t acknowledge that i have. very upset and frustrated!!!
great app. the app is easier to use than the online version on a laptop. well done.
. very nice apps
multitasking?. would be nice if app supported multitasking.
new update sucks. latest update for android takes forever to refresh and save invoices. almost unusable for me when i'm on the job. takes over five minutes to save an invoice and then even longer to print one if will will even let me...tried to uninstall and reinstall and reboot and everything it still takes way too long to refresh and save.
. we just started our business, and have been pleasantly surprised with the ease of use, and the customer service has been even better.
app not working since update. normally i'd give the app 45 stars but every time i log in now it says sign in successful but there is no online account associated with the email and to start a free trial. however when i login from safari, i get in no problem. please fix as i am unable to access data from my phone.
. love to be available to quote, inovice, charge, see my clients, etc. on the go. i just have a few times that wasn't available to log in but overall good app
. quickbooks. easy to use. upload pics of receipts when purchased. good reconciliation. matches with bank account. authorised.
good. great product however cannot get online payment via paypal to work. also would be convenient if could add accounts via the app and not need to log onto computer.
no supplier invoice. invoices from suppliers can not be captured on the app. you have to log onto the main website  which is extremely slow and cluttered to navigate on a mobile phone.
the cost is not free. it tells you it free but when you go in to create a online account it states it is $9.99 a month which you can buy a program cheaper then that
quick booksuseful app..!. it is amazing and very useful to me...and can you please tell what are the services we can access?
app doesn’t recognize credentials. this app worked well for me until the most recent update. now i cant login, says can’t find the account with this emailpassword. this is very annoying since i travel frequently without a laptop. now i’ve lost the ability to access my accounts via the app.
. very easy to work with and always someone to help you if problems occur
. great app simplified my daily work.
spotty & unreliable. i rarely review any apps that i use unless they are particularly great or particularly terrible. in this case, sadly it is the latter. this app doesn't have basic features that should be included, and about half of my invoices i cannot open from the app because apparently it uses some feature in their api that is nonsupported or not working. regardless, if you are looking for a 21stcentury accounting solution and app this is sadly not it at all.
quality product. i've just taken over the accounts for the business with little experience and knowledge and i have found quickbooks online very easy to use. issuing invoices and running payroll is quick and simple. the support is extremely good too from professionals who know what they are doing not just anybody in a call centre reading a script.
. i installed it on my cellphone but wasn't installed because of insufficient storage. so what i did was to delete some apps on my phone. when i tried to install it again to the phone it won't work because the said phone now cannot be access because it's now not highlighted in this quickbook apps
my customers love this. i'm a piano teacher, and for years, i've been inconsistent with giving receipts to families. now, i can bill them and give them professional quality receipts easily. one thing i must say here: i don't try to keep my bank account records through this app, so i am not qualified to comment on that.
great tool. i use this (on my galaxy note 3) in conjunction with quickbooks online on my pc and my ipad. each device has different features available to use, and all three together make running my business quite simple to manage.
. info lost. i was using the service for my business last year and started in march. in november the app crashed. when it did all my saved receipts mileage and info was lost. i can't even login any longer. when i called they said there is no support for the app except online. so i cant even speak to a rep. so all my info gone and i'm still being charged for a year and a half now for a service that never existed.
great app. awesome app for entrepreneur business.
billing. i subcribe my licence but i can't do billing ...or even upgrade online ??
problem with account.. website says i got android subscription. android says i dont. account about to expire and there isn't a easy or direct way to renew... guess it will be running out
be warned about quickbooks. this is not software. it’s ransomware. every two or three years they make it break and force you to upgrade. the upgrade is the same price as buying it new. the online version is just as bad. when i started using it it was $15 a month and now it’s $40 a month. be smart and don’t become a slave to intuit company.
from xero to quickbooks. i went from sage line 50 (blinkin' expensive but brilliant if your an accountant) to xero (very good for basic invoices but no estimate facilities on the app, no good for my job) to quickbooks online. easy to use. does what i need. reliable and relatively quick.
. app keeps closing right after opening even after uninstalling and then installing and also clearing app cache and data. the only update available to me is the 19.5.2
needs work!. not very user friendly... makes me download my companies data every time i login and takes forever and sometimes crashes while downloading it so have to restart the download again. qbo is great but they really need to work on the app cause i could really use it when on the road. but incapable due to its functionality at the moment.
. keeps crashing on my note 9 cant access the app
. the loading response is rather slow.
. it sucks
love it!. quite user friendly. i love it. if i had formal training i think i'd be a pro with it!
great app. easy to use!
perfect app for any small business owner. as a qbo pro advisor my opinion may be somewhat biased but i can not brag enough about the software, customer support and resources offered by quickbooksintuit. qbo has allowed me to become a completely virtual bookkeeping firm, increasing my service area, customer satisfaction and turn around time. love love love them!!
east coaster. i love the online version. i can use my laptop, ipad or iphone to update, send quotes or invoices and even take payments via email.
easy to use, powerful, accessible and secure.. i've been using it for 2 years and it's been great.
. their cancellation process is brutal. thea button to do it myself online wasn't available, waited on hold forever for the phone number support page said to call, chat didn't answer forever then replied then immediately ended the chat because i didn't respond right away, chat after that kept delaying cancelling (i'm still not cancelled, had the time to write all this while trying to  waiting for chat to cancel)
amazing customer service. i have needed assistance twice this last month in redesigning my invoices. both the agents that helped me truly seemed more like friends then a rep. both were very knowledgeable, patient and extremely helpful. now i am actually enjoying my quickbooks instead of grumbling every time i use it. happy customer, karen velasquez, owner of see through services
stopped working. i used to get nice p&l reports on my dashboard. all those reports disappeared after latest iphonr update.
very easy and great!. i'm not a accountant but i found this app and the software great
not working on ios 13 :(. it crashes right after opening. i tried uninstalling and reinstalling, but have had no luck...
. i love this app
must buy two services. i’m selfemployed and need to track miles as well as be able to send estimates. with “quickbooks selfemployed” you can track miles but you cannot send estimates. with “quickbooks online” you can send estimates but you cannot track mileage. to me, these things should be doable with the same serviceapp but here they are not. plus, customer service is not educated on their product or helpful.
new update crashes every time. new update makes me close and reopen every time for critical app updates
freelance business functions like agency. this app is brilliant. i can check the status of invoices, p&l's, reference invoices, and client trends. best business app i have on my phone!
easy for small business. especially for a business in another location
i need this app. i really need to use this app. but everytime i try to create an account it says connection error. i have been sending multiple emails about the same for the past month and no reply. five stars if you fix this problem
. nice. i can invoice right on the job. my clients can pay their bill through the email which is huge. more time with my family and less time wondering if the check is in the mail.
horrible. crashes every time. horrible customer service. move on to another app.
good to review. i haven't got deep into it to create billing invoices yet but just to review what i've done from the work station, it's great.
would be great if…. this app would really be a great app if it woukd have all the functions as on the pc. for exsample i wanted to issue an invoice with a different currency, and the app blocked it and sent me to the pc. so for what is this app good if we have to go to the pc for almost each transaction?
. not bad. there is a bug when trying to display the contents of an invoice. when that is fixed, i will give it 5 stars. update  the bug seems to be fixed.
. well after the experience so far it's great when i need to merge all apps at home then i can rate better. customer service has been just awesome so far. thanks it makes tracking expenses easy as taking a picture and putting the irs info in.
. using technology to make life simple again !
do not waste your time on this free version. this is a very limited app. do not try it! app is limited and they just try to up sell the full version. support friendly but can not support a mobile version on an ipad . this product only good for desk top computer. would not recommend to anyone. beware. check out other reviews i simply ignored the negative reviews now i am writing one.
so easy. this app is user friendly and intuitive. i like being able to see the reports and add attachments to expenses. highly recommended for small businesses owners.
. i dislike it ,zoho books much better than this. bcoz i am not able to add my company logo, not even able to edit my invoice number, not even to able edit my invoice columns. i wasted my money.
great idea, but not full version. as a longterm user, i expected more from the app than it has. i still have to use my pc for some of the essential functions such as payables, reports, and payroll. disappointed!
. good overall very happy with this app. my only complaint is that my products are not listed by category like they are on the web based version so it makes it difficult to find items when creating invoices or estimates. the mobile site has this feature (but no option to create estimates), so hopefully the app could have it too?
. nice app keeps my company organized, very easy to use
splendid. excellent to have such an app to complete all needs and it's on mobile too
. i haven't been able to use this app for a really long time, all the sudden it doesn't save my login details anymore, hard to login, once i logged in and try to go next step, it logged me out and says tempary not available. super annoying!!
. doesn't work with asus android 7.0. i received a reply from quickbooks about this review but i never received a reply from the phone call that i did. they said that they will contact me in 48 hours, this was more than a week ago. i send an email today to the email that they gave me today, let see how long they will reply me with some kind of solution. i will keep this post actualized.
nexus 6p problems. still does not work on nexus 6. i'm trying to run a business this app use to make me efficient. now it sucks that i can no longer log in to upload receipts. i would give it zero if i could.
. great app and can finally look at my invoices on the job.
dont work no more. terrible tech support! app quit working over a month ago...tech support is useless...you better change your advertising....you should probably get it for false advertising cause you are lying to the public
. great app.
. quickbooks online has been an invaluable management tool for my small business. i give professional estimates for services & am able to create invoices, receive payment, & track income, expenses, etc.
. another app failed to provide the timely support i needed. i have used quickbooks before and i am sure i will have a great experience!
keeps everything in one place. great app! i keep all my business and personal expenses logged and in place from my phone. i can also track multiple companies. gives me so much piece of mind and way easier for keeping track of taxes and book keeping.
. fantastic app! amazing ability to invoice on the go.
. pretty good overall..a free bits missing such as receive payment straight to bank account but after a few years resisting online i'm now a fan!
the bad stories are all true. i echo all the bad reviews you’ve seen.
. this app doesn't allow me to sign in, so it's been useless.
new update horrible. it's always been glitch but since the new update i can't add products to the estimate and customer service is clue less in how to resolve the issue.
app is ok but expected better. i recently switched to quickbooks online as my firm is growing. the app is nice and works well. however this an accounting bug that doesn't take into account cogs for non inventory items that have a cost assigned to them when setting up the productservice. this increases our work as we have to manually enter the cost of each item sold....this is ridiculous
. i like the service and how quick invoices are sent to claims
the software has been a nightmare recently using iphone and ipad keeps saying i haven't paid. i've written to emails and had absolutely no response to either no refunds either because i can't get the software to work unless i'm in mice studios on my laptop which is being fixed currently i won't be with me for the next four weeks so how i'm supposed to do any invoicing i have no idea this is absolutely ridiculous use sage...
cody. no reports. no p&l. can not work with downloaded transactions, which for me is critical. looks good, but is not really useful if your trying to get work done. maybe it will get better!
sign in error. can't even sign in anymore. tried on multiple devices so i know it's not my phone. please fix
. doesn't appear to allow access to my projects. otherwise it seems to work well.
instant customer service 👌. great app for small to mid size business. phenomenal integration from windows 10. so far so good. thanks.
great. helps me track all of my business needs from estimates and invoicing to financing. great app!
. great app
can't work offline.... mobile tech service. can't work if not in a coverage area on my phone. no receipts for customers or transaction entries. sucks!
. loved this app
. great app! makes running my business so much easier
. instructions to cancel do not allow me to cancel my subscription.
. makes life much easier. just had to learn real accounting techniques. provided i can find a mobile signal then the mobile version is a great help.
the app is good. it works well for me
amazing for small business!!!!!!. i started my service business one year ago and enrolled in quickbooks from day one. i can't rave enough about it! it's made tracking customers, invoices, and expenses so easy i can focus on my work instead of the accounting. still impressed and just in the process of adding payroll.
great app!. great app to use! very easy and fast.
new business.. very user friendly. almost like apple designed it. very unhappy that the email function doesn’t work. many people have complained for over a year and quickbooks still hasn’t offered a fix😠. i have to take a screenshot and copy and paste to my email. not as professional looking, but gets the job done. that one glitch took away two stars because i can’t use my mobile phone to give someone an invoice or estimate.
. love the app! it makes my job so much easier!
you need to purchase one per company. if you own multiple companies this software may not work for you. unless you rather pay double and in my case triple for each software per company. highly disappointed and no one that would solve it. regretfully invested.
makes my work easier and faster. this apps worth every dollar i paid for.. it makes everything easier and faster
streamlined. makes running my business so much easier
. app doesn't have all features, as we have it in web application.
. i was finally able to utilize this valuable resource. it has simplified writing estimates. the more time you invest in filling in your information, the easier and useful this resource becomes. thanks and god bless
adding a photo to a receipt should be simple. apparently there was a recent update that removed the add photo option to tranasactions. it's not there any longer. i called support and they tell me i have to create a note, add the photo to that note, then go find the transaction and add the note to it.
useless software. quickbooks is slow, has errors and the support is probably the worst i have ever had to use. we had an issue where we could not roster our staff for over a week due to a quickbooks error and every interaction with their support team has been horrible. the api to payroll is slow and buggy and they keep upping the prices. use another service!
great for business on the move. this app is a solid connection to your quickbooks and allows for quick and straightforward posting of expenses, invoices and estimates.
ontiretse marumo. amazing app!
good if you use quickbooks for limited functions. lacks access to a lot of what exists in the full browser experience. particularly frustrating that not only can you not create a po, you cannot view them. other simple stuff missing or not quite matched up as far as fields being available for adding products, suppliers, customers etc. in light of them increasing their monthly subscription fees, hopefully some money is going to be spent bringing feature parity to their access tools.
. excelent software for small business!
. i really like being able to do all my estimate and invoices on my mobile phone
. so far for the last 6 months it's been excellent. love the app and quickbooks itself.
nearly as good as desktop. needs to be able to do more with employees and checking invoices
i love it!. great app haven't seen anything better.
great tool for simple bookkeeping. my business is only income and expenses and cash basis, no inventory, so this tool is great and easy. i do all my book keeping from my phone.
really enjoy this.. so happy to switch over to qb online, from the pc version. easy to set up, runs smooth and quickly, and like that i can access from any device.
good app!. i like the app. it let's me run quick books from my phone (gs5) in the field and it runs smoothly. doing estimates on site is great.
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
limited to the essentials. great app!
boost to my business image with my ipad!. i went from handwriting every estimate, sales receipt and invoice to bringing in new paperless technology. at the end of the day i would have to have my wife input everything in our quick books online. then file everything in our office. it's not only impressive to our clients, but it also eliminates filing and an extra step of data entry, it saves time and money and gives you a competitive edge over your competition!
app is almost useless for me.. the only reason i upgraded to quickbooks on line was so that i could do estimates and invoicing on site. this app will allow me to do an estimate but will not let me do a partial invoice. if i can’t do a partial invoice on the app it’s simply a waste of time for my small fencing business.
. love this app has been extremely helpful
no refund and help support was clueless.. called twice no one could help me and both phone numbers proved useless. billing support was not helpful. could not even locate my ipad online subscription thru itunes. waste of time and money in my experience.
better than sage. with a properly functioning mobile app, square integration & receiptexpense management, 10 times easier to use than sage(simply accounting)
. little slow to open, all in all does what i expected. good for use out of the office.
great app!. very userfriendly and easy to use!
great app. this app is a life saver. they have done a great job with it. i have tried all kinds of other apps and this is by far the easiest to use!
a couple requests. could you make the search able to search by words in the invoice. i do automotive repair. like if i typed in starter it would show all invoices with that in it
love it. small business, no need for a more complicated program, cane send estimates and invoices from my phone. fantastic
good app. does pretty much what you want
not free it's a trial. you should be more specific when choosing name. you shouldn't misdirect people with it.
nice having qb in your pocket. easy to operate in the field and keep the paper work down at night. hopefully in time more functionality will be added.
service after the sale is nonexistant!. i’ve been trying to get incorrect billing corrected for almost a month now. customer service directs me to my sales rep and the sales rep no longer responds to emails from me or his coworkers in customer service. try waveapps...it seems to be comparable to the simple start plan and it’s free!
great app. yet again another update and even more glitches, you charge a fortune and cannot provide a decent service  i’m considering switching to a competitor as you have breached the contract that you have with me. this needs fixing urgently and you need to refund subscription fees! my advice to businesses and the selfemployed is do not use quickbooks!
. bad app
limited functionality. the app has very little of the on line functionality. and the on line version of qb has less functionality than the desktop pro version that i used previously. very much regret going to the on line version.
great for small business owners.. awesome app. very convenient and keeps the finances and work orders organized. takes some trial and error but well worth the effort to learn this system. you tube has many instructional videos on how to expedite learning this program. price is reasonable for what you get. don't hesitate to get it. if anything you will learn something.
. i couldn't connect my bank account to even try the application. despite all the reviews i read about the connection issue, i tried anyway. my stupid mistake and i paid for the first month...ugh. you have to do way more work to get the refund than it takes for them to take your money. i'm sure it would have been helpful, if it worked properly. qbo, you guys really need to fix that
worthless. so cluncky so slow impossible to make an invoice unless you want it to take a half hour to create one.
best business app!!!. i love using qb for my small business. love the auto reconciliation. professional looking quotes and invoices. it's amazing!!!!
great software for small business.. only complaint is that i'm always greeted by a pop up, asking me to rate the app, which i grow weary of, so here i am.
. not for indian. can register as i am from india
review this, quickbooks. i was using the app on my ipad, and kept getting a notice to ‘submit a review’. only choice was ‘ not now ‘ . after every transaction, after every page change, the message came up to ‘submit a review’ i pay a monthly subscription, stop bugging me. here’s your review.
owner. this software has been the best ever. it has made my job so much easier and faster for billing.
. the app is useless. google sign in simply doesn't work. links to my invoices still open in browser even when i have the app installed.
constant errors. errors have gone away working flawlessly!
bad customer services to cancel. struggling to get the right information on how to cancel before getting charged as i'm using other software now. been contacted twice with the wrong info.
improving. intuit continues to refine the app. it will really shine when they incorporate a robust pos system that shares items across their own platforms.
sign in issue. great app, except the need to confirm with text or email every time upon sign in!! would have rated higher with out this issue. very frustrating
typical intuit product. buggy, not awesome user experience. slow, lots of errors, doesn't work most of the time and no support. use freshbooks or something else if you care about running a business.
. does what you need it to do
could not login. couldn't login. just unistalled. seems they haven't fixed this issue yet.
roofing business. i have been using quickbooks for almost a year for my husband roofing business and i love it! why we are out looking at jobs i can do an invoice on my phone and email it right away to the customer! and i can go home and work from laptop as well! i recommend quickbooks for book keeping for business!
using new app for a week more problems longer i use it. really unhappy  i am missing data and receiving error messages and my only option for assistance is to use a form. am completely disappointed in quickbooks. limited functionality! come on intuit can't do any better than this and keep up with the times i have to use a computer or laptop to get full functionality?!
. doesn't open, tried reinstalling and clearing cache. used to work.
slow books. can’t accept transactions in banking section. sluggish app, end up using the computer more often.
. love being able to work in quickbooks from my phone! one of the best features is being able to take a picture of your receipt and attach it to your expenses right from your phone. makes your bookkeeping incredibly easy! wonderful customer service, love the payroll, too many good things to say about this app.!
. this app is now horrible, it was great up until latest update and now i am unable to run my business using this app. very frustrating when an app takes steps backwards please help????
. this app has made life much easier and more organized
helpful but needs better search options. cannot search by customer address, you can only search by customer name. automatically fills in service date which can lead to mistakes.
where's suppliers gone. since update app does not show suppliers or let you add expense
very helpful. quickbooks is really very helpful tool for startups. for us it has actually saved money. we could go back to our suppliers asked them invoices they have not provided. saved on wrong charges if any. also got futuristic view on our growth with balance sheet analysis. thank you quickbooks
terrible experience with customer support. we had terrible experience with customer support. for a very important issue we contact qb customer support team, we wait for 6 days an never respond our request. for this incident we can't bill our invoices. we hate our experience. consider customer support if your company needs help.
. cannot cancel subscription been trying for over 2 hours i will have to go to bank and change all of my account numbers because of this plus redo all of my direct deposits and all of my auto pay bills ..do not fall for this app
perfect for first time small business owners. maintaining all the records for a construction company can be intimidating; quickbooks has made it less stressful and easier to do my job!
fantastic. amazingly simple to use and syncs with all of the apps us use for my business (nab, square, stripe and wix)
stuck in data download. can't open app on ipad or iphone. stuck in a data download loop. support says there are no known issues, what a joke.
it's really nice. thanks
changed the way we do business. i love this app. we needed something that we could easily use in the field. we can create estimates, invoices, receive payments and even attach check images to those payments. our productivity has skyrocketed. quickbooks has figured out the mobile accounting software. customers for life.
. great app for small bussinesses on the go
great as an assistant to the desktop version.. i've found this app to be a great mobile partner to the full desktop (or online) version. there's a couple functions that aren't available in the app but everything you do need is easily available. i can't connect my bank account because my (non us) bank isn't listed but being able to input expenses as they happen is a great way of keeping updated accounts. reconciliation is a breeze afterwards. it's a great app.
lost without it. i do everything on my app, from billing, collections, banking, etc. etc. always works and stores everything i need.
nothing adds up. when you run a business you want your numbers correct. i don't have time to troubleshoot why your software can't add a simple paypal balance and leaves transactions out. your fired!
business smooth. great app. keeps my business organized and in my hand.
. keeps crashing when entering receipts. it's infuriating. updated review 6 months later still crashes when splitting an expense. tried deleting the cache. it's useless.
. great app for the on the go contractor. i can invoice, send a receipt from anywhere.
great. it's a lot easier to use that the 10.0 version i had installed. love that i can invoice customers right thru email and get paid within 2 days!! linking bank accounts is is a huge plus too! ! i'm honestly excited about tax season this year!
great. great app for on the go use
. great accounting software
a1 app. i love this app ! i'm using it all day !
amazing app!!. our business reconciliation just became simplified. easy to use and online access allows us to work on the go. highly recommend if you wish to save time.
very helpful.. this is a great app for writing invoices on the road, it's been very helpful!
"won't open. download twice. when i try to log in says i ""need to make payment or my account has been canceled"", which isn't true. i open it on my laptop just fine and have automatic payments. what gives?!!"
bob. great app
three years using qbo. very dissatisfied.. bugs and more bugs. slow and clunky functionality. bait and switch pricing. no way to communicate effectively with qbo as they are pro forma all about feedback and customer service however the poor souls tasked with providing it have no two way communication with the people who actually code this bug ridden system. i am actively looking for other solutions that provide ipad and iphone data entry.
having issues help. keep saying to restart app and i even master reset my phone for nothing. need help. very helpful when it worked
fix needed. over all ok program... the problem is you can get an error, saying deposit on hold. not your problem as a user, the user did nothing wrong. and quickbooks will not fix it. your account balance will be off and no way to fix it. all quickbooks fault and they don't care, support it or fix it! very bad customer service!!!
. it takes a working knowledge of what this app is capable of doing to fully grasp how useful it is. i am learning more every time i use it.
. this app is super easy to use. love it. idk how many estamates iv created on the fly and converted them to invoices.
clumsy, error prone, price has doubled.. not a completely trash service, but it hasn’t gotten any better despite company promises. price has doubled since i initially joined. ipad app bugged, today i tried to enter an invoice payment, no joy. tried to leave service last year and the year before. exporting info was a nightmare, and impossible on mac, effectively leaving me held hostage. cancelling service at end of year as i’d rather try a different online accounting or simply go with a desktop version.
can't save my invoices!. my app auto updated. now i can't save my invoices on the go. i use this app all day, 6 days a week. i'm in the home services industry and i can no longer invoice my clients, which means i can't collect payment either! get this fixed!
. i would love for this app to work as it would be a great tool. would be way way better if i could enter data even when qb says (incorrectly) there is no internet, and it could sync later.
. great program
. looking for an update to more easily track hours per job.
. good software, i find it a bit challenging compared to my laptop version.
. this makes it easy for me to issue invoices and get paid faster.
". getting this message last 3 days. ""there was a problem syncing your data. wait a few minutes and try again"". please fix this"
roland shaw. far from a sorted system so for now not very happy
. my issue has been partially resolved. i would give them 4 stars if the process wasn't so difficult.
great. great software.
better than desktop version. easier to use than computer version. much faster. very efficient. excellent for companies on the go.
best. app ever
. nice but needs more. as a bookkeeper, i love quickbooks online because you can access it from anywhere. i like this app but wish i could deposit my payments and see my register. i'm so busy that it would be nice to do my personal business on the go instead of from my computer. i hope that these features will be available soon otherwise i will have to cancel after my 30 day free trial.
great flexibility. i now use qb online for 4 different companies and find the flexibility of reporting and multiple user access great. very few problems except we could not import our existing data from pastel
. please add support for whattsup business app
great app. very helpful, only complaint is, i would like more features like the desktop version. i would like to be able to get into my online version and accept register transactions, look at taxes that are owed, stuff like that. but over all a huge time saver. and has gotten me out of some tight spots. thank you
freedom. great piece of software as i'm able to invoice customers right from a tablet and be on my way!! well done!
love the app. it is amazing to see how well the app learn how to categorize expense! the design and ui are also amazing!
. great app
". made an payment 3 days ago and still getting an error ""subscription error"" ereceipt sent. update, it's been 5 days and i'm still locked out of my account after payment was made. quickbooks has offered to transfer payment method directly to them. google play informed me that quickbooks refuses to refund my subscription, while quickbooks denies that that is the case. fyi been a quickbooks user for 3 years now, and never had an issue, til now."
